Installed Packages
Box2D.x86_64                                         2.4.1-9.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
ImageMagick.x86_64                                   1:7.1.1.15-1.fc38                   @updates                                    
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                              1:7.1.1.15-1.fc38                   @updates                                    
LibRaw.x86_64                                        0.21.1-4.fc38                       @updates                                    
Min.x86_64                                           1.27.0-1                            @@commandline                               
ModemManager.x86_64                                  1.20.6-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                             1.20.6-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
NetworkManager.x86_64                                1:1.42.8-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                           1:1.42.8-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                      1:1.42.8-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-fedora.noarch     1:1.42.8-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                          1:1.42.8-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
NetworkManager-openconnect.x86_64                    1.2.10-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
NetworkManager-openconnect-gnome.x86_64              1.2.10-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
NetworkManager-openvpn.x86_64                        1:1.10.2-2.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome.x86_64                  1:1.10.2-2.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                            1:1.42.8-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
NetworkManager-pptp.x86_64                           1:1.2.10-3.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
NetworkManager-pptp-gnome.x86_64                     1:1.2.10-3.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
NetworkManager-ssh.x86_64                            1.2.12-5.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
NetworkManager-ssh-gnome.x86_64                      1.2.12-5.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                           1:1.42.8-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
NetworkManager-vpnc.x86_64                           1:1.2.8-3.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
NetworkManager-vpnc-gnome.x86_64                     1:1.2.8-3.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                           1:1.42.8-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                           1:1.42.8-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
PackageKit.x86_64                                    1.2.6-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64                  1.2.6-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                               1.2.6-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                   1.2.6-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
PackageKit-gtk3-module.x86_64                        1.2.6-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
SDL2.x86_64                                          2.26.3-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
SDL2_image.x86_64                                    2.6.3-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
SDL2_mixer.x86_64                                    2.6.3-1.fc38                        @fedora                                     
SDL2_ttf.x86_64                                      2.20.2-1.fc38                       @fedora                                     
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                       3.101-9.fc38                        @updates                                    
aardvark-dns.x86_64                                  1.7.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                       0.301-9.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
abattis-cantarell-vf-fonts.noarch                    0.301-9.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
abrt.x86_64                                          2.17.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                               2.17.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                         2.17.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                         2.17.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                             2.17.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                               2.17.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
abrt-cli.x86_64                                      2.17.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                     2.17.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
abrt-desktop.x86_64                                  2.17.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
abrt-gui.x86_64                                      2.17.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                                 2.17.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
abrt-java-connector.x86_64                           1.3.2-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
abrt-libs.x86_64                                     2.17.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
abrt-plugin-bodhi.x86_64                             2.17.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
abrt-tui.noarch                                      2.17.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
abseil-cpp.x86_64                                    20220623.1-4.fc38                   @anaconda                                   
abseil-cpp-devel.x86_64                              20220623.1-4.fc38                   @fedora                                     
accountsservice.x86_64                               23.11.69-2.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                          23.11.69-2.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
acl.x86_64                                           2.3.1-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
adcli.x86_64                                         0.9.2-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                           20230622-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                20230622-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                            20190401-3.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                   2.042.1.062.1.026-2.fc38            @updates                                    
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                          44.0-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                            3.28-16.fc38                        @fedora                                     
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                            44.0-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
adwaita-qt5.x86_64                                   1.4.2-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
adwaita-qt6.x86_64                                   1.4.2-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
alsa-lib.x86_64                                      1.2.10-2.fc38                       @updates                                    
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                             2.2.5-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
alsa-ucm.noarch                                      1.2.10-2.fc38                       @updates                                    
alsa-utils.x86_64                                    1.2.10-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
alternatives.x86_64                                  1.25-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
amd-gpu-firmware.noarch                              20230919-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
anaconda.x86_64                                      38.23.4-2.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
anaconda-core.x86_64                                 38.23.4-2.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                  38.23.4-2.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                     38.23.4-2.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
anaconda-live.x86_64                                 38.23.4-2.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                  38.23.4-2.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
anaconda-user-help.noarch                            26.2-4.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                              38.23.4-2.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
annobin-docs.noarch                                  12.26-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
annobin-plugin-gcc.x86_64                            12.26-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
ansible-srpm-macros.noarch                           1-10.fc38                           @updates                                    
anthy-unicode.x86_64                                 1.0.0.20211224-9.fc38               @anaconda                                   
antiword.x86_64                                      0.37-35.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
appstream.x86_64                                     0.16.1-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
appstream-data.noarch                                38-5.fc38                           @updates                                    
apr.x86_64                                           1.7.2-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
apr-util.x86_64                                      1.6.3-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
apr-util-bdb.x86_64                                  1.6.3-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                              1.6.3-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
astigmatic-grand-hotel-fonts.noarch                  1.000-17.fc38                       @fedora                                     
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                   2.48.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
at-spi2-atk-devel.x86_64                             2.48.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                  2.48.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
at-spi2-core-devel.x86_64                            2.48.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
atheros-firmware.noarch                              20230919-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
atk.x86_64                                           2.48.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
atk-devel.x86_64                                     2.48.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
atkmm.x86_64                                         2.28.3-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
atmel-firmware.noarch                                1.3-29.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
attr.x86_64                                          2.5.1-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
audit.x86_64                                         3.1.2-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
audit-libs.x86_64                                    3.1.2-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
augeas-libs.x86_64                                   1.13.0-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
authselect.x86_64                                    1.4.2-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
authselect-libs.x86_64                               1.4.2-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
autocorr-en.noarch                                   1:7.5.6.2-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
avahi.x86_64                                         0.8-22.fc38                         @updates                                    
avahi-glib.x86_64                                    0.8-22.fc38                         @updates                                    
avahi-gobject.x86_64                                 0.8-22.fc38                         @updates                                    
avahi-libs.x86_64                                    0.8-22.fc38                         @updates                                    
avahi-tools.x86_64                                   0.8-22.fc38                         @updates                                    
b43-fwcutter.x86_64                                  019-23.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
b43-openfwwf.noarch                                  5.2-30.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
babl.x86_64                                          0.1.92-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
baobab.x86_64                                        44.0-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
basesystem.noarch                                    11-15.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
bash.x86_64                                          5.2.15-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
bash-completion.noarch                               1:2.11-9.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
bazel5.x86_64                                        5.4.0-0.fc38                        @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:vbatts:bazel
bc.x86_64                                            1.07.1-17.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
bcache-tools.x86_64                                  1.1-4.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
biber.noarch                                         2.18-2.fc38                         @fedora                                     
bind-libs.x86_64                                     32:9.18.19-1.fc38                   @updates                                    
bind-license.noarch                                  32:9.18.19-1.fc38                   @updates                                    
bind-utils.x86_64                                    32:9.18.19-1.fc38                   @updates                                    
binutils.x86_64                                      2.39-9.fc38                         @fedora                                     
binutils-gold.x86_64                                 2.39-9.fc38                         @fedora                                     
bison.x86_64                                         3.8.2-4.fc38                        @fedora                                     
black.noarch                                         22.8.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                     
black+d.noarch                                       22.8.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                     
blivet-data.noarch                                   1:3.7.1-1.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
blivet-gui-runtime.noarch                            2.4.2-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
blosc.x86_64                                         1.21.4-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
bluez.x86_64                                         5.69-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
bluez-cups.x86_64                                    5.69-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
bluez-libs.x86_64                                    5.69-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                   5.69-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
bolt.x86_64                                          0.9.5-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
boost-atomic.x86_64                                  1.78.0-14.fc38                      @updates                                    
boost-chrono.x86_64                                  1.78.0-14.fc38                      @updates                                    
boost-date-time.x86_64                               1.78.0-14.fc38                      @updates                                    
boost-filesystem.x86_64                              1.78.0-14.fc38                      @updates                                    
boost-iostreams.x86_64                               1.78.0-14.fc38                      @updates                                    
boost-locale.x86_64                                  1.78.0-14.fc38                      @updates                                    
boost-program-options.x86_64                         1.78.0-14.fc38                      @updates                                    
boost-regex.x86_64                                   1.78.0-14.fc38                      @updates                                    
boost-system.x86_64                                  1.78.0-14.fc38                      @updates                                    
boost-thread.x86_64                                  1.78.0-14.fc38                      @updates                                    
braille-printer-app.x86_64                           1:2.0~b0^386eea385f-3.fc38          @anaconda                                   
brasero-libs.x86_64                                  3.12.3-5.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
brcmfmac-firmware.noarch                             20230919-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
brlapi.x86_64                                        0.8.4-10.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
brltty.x86_64                                        6.5-10.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
brotli.x86_64                                        1.0.9-11.fc38                       @fedora                                     
brotli-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.9-11.fc38                       @fedora                                     
btrfs-progs.x86_64                                   6.5.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
bubblewrap.x86_64                                    0.7.0-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
bzip2.x86_64                                         1.0.8-13.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
bzip2-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.8-13.fc38                       @fedora                                     
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                    1.0.8-13.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
c-ares.x86_64                                        1.19.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
ca-certificates.noarch                               2023.2.60-2.fc38                    @anaconda                                   
cairo.x86_64                                         1.17.8-4.fc38                       @updates                                    
cairo-devel.x86_64                                   1.17.8-4.fc38                       @updates                                    
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                 1.17.8-4.fc38                       @updates                                    
cairo-gobject-devel.x86_64                           1.17.8-4.fc38                       @updates                                    
cairomm.x86_64                                       1.14.4-7.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
capstone.x86_64                                      4.0.2-12.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
catatonit.x86_64                                     0.1.7-14.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                               10.2-41.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
cf-bonveno-fonts.noarch                              1.1-32.fc38                         @fedora                                     
checkpolicy.x86_64                                   3.5-1.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
cheese.x86_64                                        2:44.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
cheese-libs.x86_64                                   2:44.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
chkconfig.x86_64                                     1.25-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
chntpw.x86_64                                        1.00-12.140201.fc38                 @fedora                                     
chrony.x86_64                                        4.4-1.fc38                          @updates                                    
cifs-utils.x86_64                                    7.0-1.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
cifs-utils-info.x86_64                               7.0-1.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
cjson.x86_64                                         1.7.14-7.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
clang.x86_64                                         16.0.6-3.fc38                       @updates                                    
clang-libs.x86_64                                    16.0.6-3.fc38                       @updates                                    
clang-resource-filesystem.x86_64                     16.0.6-3.fc38                       @updates                                    
clang15-libs.x86_64                                  15.0.7-4.fc38                       @fedora                                     
clang15-resource-filesystem.x86_64                   15.0.7-4.fc38                       @fedora                                     
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                         1:43.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
cldr-emoji-annotation-dtd.noarch                     1:43.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                          2.3.3.4-45.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc38 @anaconda                                   
clucene-core.x86_64                                  2.3.3.4-45.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc38 @anaconda                                   
clutter.x86_64                                       1.26.4-10.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
clutter-gst3.x86_64                                  3.0.27-15.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
clutter-gtk.x86_64                                   1.8.4-15.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
cmake.x86_64                                         3.27.4-7.fc38                       @updates                                    
cmake-data.noarch                                    3.27.4-7.fc38                       @updates                                    
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                              3.27.4-7.fc38                       @updates                                    
cmake-rpm-macros.noarch                              3.27.4-7.fc38                       @updates                                    
code.x86_64                                          1.78.2-1683731087.el7               @@commandline                               
codec2.x86_64                                        1.0.5-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
codium.x86_64                                        1.78.2.23132-el7                    @@commandline                               
cogl.x86_64                                          1.22.8-7.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
coin.x86_64                                          1.3.0-12.fc38                       @fedora                                     
color-filesystem.noarch                              1-30.fc38                           @anaconda                                   
colord.x86_64                                        1.4.6-4.fc38                        @updates                                    
colord-gtk4.x86_64                                   0.3.0-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
colord-libs.x86_64                                   1.4.6-4.fc38                        @updates                                    
compiler-rt.x86_64                                   16.0.6-2.fc38                       @updates                                    
compsize.x86_64                                      1.5-5.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
conmon.x86_64                                        2:2.1.7-2.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
container-selinux.noarch                             2:2.222.0-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
containers-common.noarch                             4:1-89.fc38                         @updates                                    
containers-common-extra.noarch                       4:1-89.fc38                         @updates                                    
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                              4.1-2.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
coreutils.x86_64                                     9.1-12.fc38                         @updates                                    
coreutils-common.x86_64                              9.1-12.fc38                         @updates                                    
cpio.x86_64                                          2.13-14.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
cpp.x86_64                                           13.2.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
cracklib.x86_64                                      2.9.11-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                2.9.11-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
criu.x86_64                                          3.18-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
criu-libs.x86_64                                     3.18-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
cronie.x86_64                                        1.6.1-4.fc38                        @fedora                                     
cronie-anacron.x86_64                                1.6.1-4.fc38                        @fedora                                     
crontabs.noarch                                      1.11-29.20190603git.fc38            @fedora                                     
crun.x86_64                                          1.9-1.fc38                          @updates                                    
crypto-policies.noarch                               20230301-1.gita12f7b2.fc38          @anaconda                                   
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                       20230301-1.gita12f7b2.fc38          @anaconda                                   
cryptsetup.x86_64                                    2.6.1-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                               2.6.1-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
ctags.x86_64                                         6.0.0-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
cups.x86_64                                          1:2.4.7-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
cups-browsed.x86_64                                  1:2.0~rc2-3.fc38                    @updates                                    
cups-client.x86_64                                   1:2.4.7-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
cups-filesystem.noarch                               1:2.4.7-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
cups-filters.x86_64                                  1:2.0~rc2-3.fc38                    @updates                                    
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                  1:2.4.7-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
cups-libs.x86_64                                     1:2.4.7-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                0.2.7-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
curl.x86_64                                          8.0.1-5.fc38                        @updates                                    
cxl-libs.x86_64                                      78-1.fc38                           @updates                                    
cyrus-sasl.x86_64                                    2.1.28-9.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                             2.1.28-9.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                2.1.28-9.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                              2.1.28-9.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                   78-1.fc38                           @updates                                    
dbus.x86_64                                          1:1.14.10-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
dbus-broker.x86_64                                   33-1.fc38                           @anaconda                                   
dbus-common.noarch                                   1:1.14.10-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                   1:1.14.10-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
dbus-devel.x86_64                                    1:1.14.10-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
dbus-glib.x86_64                                     0.112-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
dbus-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.14.10-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
dbus-tools.x86_64                                    1:1.14.10-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
dbus-x11.x86_64                                      1:1.14.10-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
dconf.x86_64                                         0.40.0-8.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
debugedit.x86_64                                     5.0-9.fc38                          @updates                                    
default-editor.noarch                                7.2-2.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                             2.37-20.fc38                        @fedora                                     
deltarpm.x86_64                                      3.6.3-8.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
desktop-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                     38.0.0-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                            0.26-8.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
device-mapper.x86_64                                 1.02.189-2.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
device-mapper-event.x86_64                           1.02.189-2.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                      1.02.189-2.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                            1.02.189-2.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
device-mapper-multipath-libs.x86_64                  0.9.4-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                 0.9.0-10.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
dhcp-client.x86_64                                   12:4.4.3-7.P1.fc38                  @anaconda                                   
dhcp-common.noarch                                   12:4.4.3-7.P1.fc38                  @anaconda                                   
diffstat.x86_64                                      1.65-2.fc38                         @fedora                                     
diffutils.x86_64                                     3.10-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
distribution-gpg-keys.noarch                         1.96-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
djvulibre-libs.x86_64                                3.5.28-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
dleyna.x86_64                                        0.8.2-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
dleyna-renderer.x86_64                               0.8.2-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
dleyna-server.x86_64                                 0.8.2-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
dmidecode.x86_64                                     1:3.4-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
dmraid.x86_64                                        1.0.0.rc16-55.fc38                  @anaconda                                   
dmraid-events.x86_64                                 1.0.0.rc16-55.fc38                  @anaconda                                   
dmraid-libs.x86_64                                   1.0.0.rc16-55.fc38                  @anaconda                                   
dnf.noarch                                           4.16.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
dnf-automatic.noarch                                 4.16.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
dnf-data.noarch                                      4.16.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                              4.4.2-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
dnsmasq.x86_64                                       2.89-5.fc38                         @updates                                    
dos2unix.x86_64                                      7.4.3-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
dosfstools.x86_64                                    4.2-6.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
dotconf.x86_64                                       1.3-31.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
double-conversion.x86_64                             3.1.5-8.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
doxygen.x86_64                                       2:1.9.6-7.fc38                      @fedora                                     
dracut.x86_64                                        059-3.fc38                          @updates                                    
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                          059-3.fc38                          @updates                                    
dracut-live.x86_64                                   059-3.fc38                          @updates                                    
dracut-network.x86_64                                059-3.fc38                          @updates                                    
dracut-squash.x86_64                                 059-3.fc38                          @updates                                    
duktape.x86_64                                       2.7.0-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
dwz.x86_64                                           0.15-2.fc38                         @fedora                                     
dyninst.x86_64                                       12.2.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                     
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                     1.46.5-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                1.46.5-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
ed.x86_64                                            1.19-2.fc38                         @fedora                                     
editorconfig-libs.x86_64                             0.12.6-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
edk2-ovmf.noarch                                     20230524-3.fc38                     @updates                                    
efi-filesystem.noarch                                5-7.fc38                            @anaconda                                   
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                               5-7.fc38                            @fedora                                     
efibootmgr.x86_64                                    18-3.fc38                           @anaconda                                   
efivar-libs.x86_64                                   38-7.fc38                           @anaconda                                   
elfutils.x86_64                                      0.189-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                    0.189-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
elfutils-debuginfod-client-devel.x86_64              0.189-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                   0.189-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
elfutils-devel.x86_64                                0.189-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                               0.189-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                         0.189-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                 0.189-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
emacs-filesystem.noarch                              1:28.3-0.rc1.fc38                   @updates                                    
enchant2.x86_64                                      2.3.4-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
eog.x86_64                                           44.3-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
epiphany-runtime.x86_64                              1:44.6-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
espeak-ng.x86_64                                     1.51.1-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
esptool.noarch                                       4.6.2-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
ethtool.x86_64                                       2:6.5-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
evince.x86_64                                        44.3-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
evince-djvu.x86_64                                   44.3-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
evince-libs.x86_64                                   44.3-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
evince-previewer.x86_64                              44.3-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
evince-thumbnailer.x86_64                            44.3-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
evolution-data-server.x86_64                         3.48.4-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch               3.48.4-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
exempi.x86_64                                        2.6.3-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
exfatprogs.x86_64                                    1.2.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
exiv2.x86_64                                         0.27.6-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                    0.27.6-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
expat.x86_64                                         2.5.0-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
f38-backgrounds-base.noarch                          38.1.1-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
f38-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                         38.1.1-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                                  2.0.0-10.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
fedora-bookmarks.noarch                              28-26.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
fedora-chromium-config.noarch                        3.0-1.fc38                          @updates                                    
fedora-chromium-config-gnome.noarch                  3.0-1.fc38                          @updates                                    
fedora-flathub-remote.noarch                         1-5.fc38                            @anaconda                                   
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                               38-1                                @anaconda                                   
fedora-logos.noarch                                  38.1.0-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
fedora-logos-httpd.noarch                            38.1.0-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
fedora-release-common.noarch                         38-36                               @updates                                    
fedora-release-identity-workstation.noarch           38-36                               @updates                                    
fedora-release-workstation.noarch                    38-36                               @updates                                    
fedora-repos.noarch                                  38-1                                @anaconda                                   
fedora-repos-modular.noarch                          38-1                                @anaconda                                   
fedora-third-party.noarch                            0.10-4.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
fedora-workstation-backgrounds.noarch                1.6-2.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
fedora-workstation-repositories.x86_64               38-2.fc38                           @anaconda                                   
ffmpeg-free.x86_64                                   6.0-4.fc38                          @updates                                    
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                              3.3.10-3.fc37                       @anaconda                                   
file.x86_64                                          5.44-3.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
file-libs.x86_64                                     5.44-3.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
filesystem.x86_64                                    3.18-3.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
findutils.x86_64                                     1:4.9.0-3.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
firefox.x86_64                                       118.0.1-4.fc38                      @updates                                    
firefox-langpacks.x86_64                             118.0.1-4.fc38                      @updates                                    
firewalld.noarch                                     1.3.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                          1.3.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
flac-libs.x86_64                                     1.4.3-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
flashrom.x86_64                                      1.3.0-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
flatpak.x86_64                                       1.15.4-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                  1.15.4-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
flatpak-selinux.noarch                               1.15.4-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                        1.15.4-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
flex.x86_64                                          2.6.4-12.fc38                       @fedora                                     
flexiblas.x86_64                                     3.3.1-5.fc38                        @updates                                    
flexiblas-netlib.x86_64                              3.3.1-5.fc38                        @updates                                    
flexiblas-openblas-openmp.x86_64                     3.3.1-5.fc38                        @updates                                    
flite.x86_64                                         2.2-5.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
fmt.x86_64                                           9.1.0-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
folks.x86_64                                         1:0.15.6-1.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
fontconfig.x86_64                                    2.14.2-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
fontconfig-devel.x86_64                              2.14.2-1.fc38                       @fedora                                     
fonts-filesystem.noarch                              1:2.0.5-11.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
fonts-srpm-macros.noarch                             1:2.0.5-11.fc38                     @fedora                                     
fpaste.noarch                                        0.4.4.0-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
fpc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.3-7.fc38                          @fedora                                     
fprintd.x86_64                                       1.94.2-6.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                   1.94.2-6.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
freeglut.x86_64                                      3.4.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
freerdp-libs.x86_64                                  2:2.11.1-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
freetype.x86_64                                      2.13.0-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
freetype-devel.x86_64                                2.13.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                     
frei0r-plugins.x86_64                                2.2.0-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
fribidi.x86_64                                       1.0.12-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
fribidi-devel.x86_64                                 1.0.12-3.fc38                       @fedora                                     
fros.noarch                                          1.1-31.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
fros-gnome.noarch                                    1.1-31.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
fstrm.x86_64                                         0.6.1-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
fuse.x86_64                                          2.9.9-16.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
fuse-common.x86_64                                   3.14.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
fuse-libs.x86_64                                     2.9.9-16.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
fuse-overlayfs.x86_64                                1.12-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
fuse3.x86_64                                         3.14.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                    3.14.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
fwupd.x86_64                                         1.9.6-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
fwupd-efi.x86_64                                     1.4-1.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.x86_64                         1.9.6-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.x86_64                    1.9.6-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
fwupd-plugin-uefi-capsule-data.x86_64                1.9.6-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
game-music-emu.x86_64                                0.6.3-11.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
gamemode.x86_64                                      1.7-2.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
gavl.x86_64                                          1.4.0-22.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
gawk.x86_64                                          5.1.1-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
gawk-all-langpacks.x86_64                            5.1.1-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
gc.x86_64                                            8.2.2-3.fc38                        @fedora                                     
gcc.x86_64                                           13.2.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gcc-c++.x86_64                                       13.2.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gcc-plugin-annobin.x86_64                            13.2.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gcr.x86_64                                           3.92.0-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
gcr-libs.x86_64                                      3.92.0-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
gcr3.x86_64                                          3.41.1-5.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
gcr3-base.x86_64                                     3.41.1-5.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
gd.x86_64                                            2.3.3-10.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
gdb.x86_64                                           13.2-5.fc38                         @updates                                    
gdb-headless.x86_64                                  13.2-5.fc38                         @updates                                    
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.23-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
gdisk.x86_64                                         1.0.9-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                   2.42.10-2.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
gdk-pixbuf2-devel.x86_64                             2.42.10-2.fc38                      @fedora                                     
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                           2.42.10-2.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
gdm.x86_64                                           1:44.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gdouros-symbola-fonts.noarch                         10.24-12.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
gegl04.x86_64                                        0.4.44-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
genisoimage.x86_64                                   1.1.11-51.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
geoclue2.x86_64                                      2.7.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                                 2.7.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
geocode-glib-data.x86_64                             3.26.4-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
geocode-glib2.x86_64                                 3.26.4-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
geolite2-city.noarch                                 20191217-8.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
geolite2-country.noarch                              20191217-8.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
gettext.x86_64                                       0.21.1-2.fc38                       @fedora                                     
gettext-envsubst.x86_64                              0.21.1-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
gettext-libs.x86_64                                  0.21.1-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
gettext-runtime.x86_64                               0.21.1-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
gh.x86_64                                            2.35.0-1                            @gh-cli                                     
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.6.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                     
ghostscript.x86_64                                   10.01.2-4.fc38                      @updates                                    
ghostscript-tools-fonts.x86_64                       10.01.2-4.fc38                      @updates                                    
ghostscript-tools-printing.x86_64                    10.01.2-4.fc38                      @updates                                    
giflib.x86_64                                        5.2.1-17.fc38                       @updates                                    
girara.x86_64                                        0.4.0-1.fc38                        @fedora                                     
git.x86_64                                           2.41.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
git-core.x86_64                                      2.41.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
git-core-doc.noarch                                  2.41.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gjs.x86_64                                           1.76.2-2.fc38                       @updates                                    
glib-networking.x86_64                               2.76.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
glib2.x86_64                                         2.76.5-2.fc38                       @updates                                    
glib2-devel.x86_64                                   2.76.5-2.fc38                       @updates                                    
glibc.x86_64                                         2.37-10.fc38                        @updates                                    
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                           2.37-10.fc38                        @updates                                    
glibc-common.x86_64                                  2.37-10.fc38                        @updates                                    
glibc-devel.x86_64                                   2.37-10.fc38                        @updates                                    
glibc-gconv-extra.x86_64                             2.37-10.fc38                        @updates                                    
glibc-headers-x86.noarch                             2.37-10.fc38                        @updates                                    
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                             2.37-10.fc38                        @updates                                    
glibmm2.4.x86_64                                     2.66.6-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
glusterfs.x86_64                                     11.0-3.fc38                         @updates                                    
glusterfs-cli.x86_64                                 11.0-3.fc38                         @updates                                    
glusterfs-client-xlators.x86_64                      11.0-3.fc38                         @updates                                    
glusterfs-fuse.x86_64                                11.0-3.fc38                         @updates                                    
glx-utils.x86_64                                     8.5.0-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
gmp.x86_64                                           1:6.2.1-4.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
gnat-srpm-macros.noarch                              6-2.fc38                            @fedora                                     
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                    1.4.2-4.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
gnome-autoar.x86_64                                  0.4.4-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
gnome-backgrounds.noarch                             44.0-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                               1:42.5-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                          1:42.5-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
gnome-boxes.x86_64                                   44.2-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
gnome-browser-connector.x86_64                       42.1-2.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-calculator.x86_64                              44.0-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-calendar.x86_64                                44.1-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
gnome-characters.x86_64                              44.0-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-classic-session.noarch                         44.0-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-clocks.x86_64                                  44.0-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-color-manager.x86_64                           3.36.0-9.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
gnome-contacts.x86_64                                44.0-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-control-center.x86_64                          44.3-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch               44.3-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                                44.0-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-desktop4.x86_64                                44.0-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                            44.0-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-font-viewer.x86_64                             44.0-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-initial-setup.x86_64                           44.0-2.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                 42.1-3.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                             42.1-3.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-logs.x86_64                                    43.0-2.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-maps.x86_64                                    44.4-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
gnome-menus.x86_64                                   3.36.0-8.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                         3.48.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gnome-packagekit-common.x86_64                       43.0-2.fc38                         @fedora                                     
gnome-packagekit-installer.x86_64                    43.0-2.fc38                         @fedora                                     
gnome-photos.x86_64                                  43.0-3.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-remote-desktop.x86_64                          44.2-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
gnome-session.x86_64                                 44.0-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-session-wayland-session.x86_64                 44.0-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-session-xsession.x86_64                        44.0-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-settings-daemon.x86_64                         44.1-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
gnome-shell.x86_64                                   44.5-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
gnome-shell-extension-apps-menu.noarch               44.0-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-shell-extension-background-logo.noarch         44~beta-1.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
gnome-shell-extension-common.noarch                  44.0-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-shell-extension-launch-new-instance.noarch     44.0-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-shell-extension-places-menu.noarch             44.0-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-shell-extension-window-list.noarch             44.0-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-software.x86_64                                44.5-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
gnome-system-monitor.x86_64                          44.0-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-terminal.x86_64                                3.48.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gnome-terminal-nautilus.x86_64                       3.48.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gnome-text-editor.x86_64                             44.0-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-themes-extra.x86_64                            3.28-16.fc38                        @fedora                                     
gnome-tour.x86_64                                    44.0-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-tweaks.noarch                                  42~beta-5.fc38                      @fedora                                     
gnome-user-docs.noarch                               44.3-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
gnome-user-share.x86_64                              43.0-2.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gnome-video-effects.noarch                           0.6.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
gnu-free-fonts-common.noarch                         20120503-30.fc38                    @updates                                    
gnu-free-sans-fonts.noarch                           20120503-30.fc38                    @updates                                    
gnupg2.x86_64                                        2.4.0-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                  2.4.0-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
gnutls.x86_64                                        3.8.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
gnutls-dane.x86_64                                   3.8.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
gnutls-utils.x86_64                                  3.8.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
go-srpm-macros.noarch                                3.2.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
gobject-introspection.x86_64                         1.76.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gom.x86_64                                           0.4-10.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
google-carlito-fonts.noarch                          1.103-0.21.20130920.fc38            @anaconda                                   
google-chrome-stable.x86_64                          117.0.5938.92-1                     @google-chrome                              
google-crc32c.x86_64                                 1.1.2-5.fc38                        @fedora                                     
google-crosextra-caladea-fonts.noarch                1:1.002-0.15.20130214.fc38          @anaconda                                   
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                       20200215-15.fc38                    @updates                                    
google-noto-emoji-color-fonts.noarch                 20220916-3.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                      20230201-1.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
google-noto-naskh-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch             20230201-1.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
google-noto-sans-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch              20230201-1.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
google-noto-sans-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch            20230201-1.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-vf-fonts.noarch 20230201-1.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
google-noto-sans-cherokee-vf-fonts.noarch            20230201-1.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
google-noto-sans-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch                 1:2.004-2.fc38                      @updates                                    
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch            20230201-1.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
google-noto-sans-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch            20230201-1.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch            20230201-1.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
google-noto-sans-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch              20230201-1.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
google-noto-sans-khmer-vf-fonts.noarch               20230201-1.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
google-noto-sans-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                 20230201-1.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
google-noto-sans-math-fonts.noarch                   20230201-1.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
google-noto-sans-mono-vf-fonts.noarch                20230201-1.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch             20230201-1.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
google-noto-sans-thaana-vf-fonts.noarch              20230201-1.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
google-noto-sans-thai-vf-fonts.noarch                20230201-1.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
google-noto-sans-vf-fonts.noarch                     20230201-1.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
google-noto-serif-vf-fonts.noarch                    20230201-1.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
gperftools-libs.x86_64                               2.9.1-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
gpgme.x86_64                                         1.17.1-5.fc38                       @updates                                    
gpgmepp.x86_64                                       1.17.1-5.fc38                       @updates                                    
gpm-libs.x86_64                                      1.20.7-42.fc38                      @fedora                                     
granite.x86_64                                       6.2.0-4.fc38                        @fedora                                     
graphene.x86_64                                      1.10.6-5.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
graphite2.x86_64                                     1.3.14-11.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
graphite2-devel.x86_64                               1.3.14-11.fc38                      @fedora                                     
graphviz.x86_64                                      7.1.0-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
grep.x86_64                                          3.8-3.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
grilo.x86_64                                         0.3.16-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
grilo-plugins.x86_64                                 0.3.16-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
groff-base.x86_64                                    1.22.4-11.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
grpc.x86_64                                          1.48.4-8.fc38                       @updates                                    
grpc-cpp.x86_64                                      1.48.4-8.fc38                       @updates                                    
grpc-data.noarch                                     1.48.4-8.fc38                       @updates                                    
grub2-common.noarch                                  1:2.06-100.fc38                     @updates                                    
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                                1:2.06-100.fc38                     @updates                                    
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                         1:2.06-100.fc38                     @updates                                    
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                                 1:2.06-100.fc38                     @updates                                    
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                          1:2.06-100.fc38                     @updates                                    
grub2-pc.x86_64                                      1:2.06-100.fc38                     @updates                                    
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                              1:2.06-100.fc38                     @updates                                    
grub2-tools.x86_64                                   1:2.06-100.fc38                     @updates                                    
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                               1:2.06-100.fc38                     @updates                                    
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                             1:2.06-100.fc38                     @updates                                    
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                           1:2.06-100.fc38                     @updates                                    
grubby.x86_64                                        8.40-69.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                     44.0-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
gsm.x86_64                                           1.0.22-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
gsound.x86_64                                        1.0.3-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
gspell.x86_64                                        1.12.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gssdp.x86_64                                         1.6.2-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
gssproxy.x86_64                                      0.9.1-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
gst-editing-services.x86_64                          1.22.5-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gstreamer1.x86_64                                    1.22.6-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gstreamer1-plugin-libav.x86_64                       1.22.5-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gstreamer1-plugin-openh264.x86_64                    1.22.1-1.fc38                       @fedora-cisco-openh264                      
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                   1.22.5-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                       1.22.5-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                       1.22.5-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                   1.22.5-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.x86_64                    1.22.5-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt6.x86_64                   1.22.5-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64                  1.22.5-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                         3.24.38-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
gtk2.x86_64                                          2.24.33-13.fc38                     @fedora                                     
gtk2-devel.x86_64                                    2.24.33-13.fc38                     @fedora                                     
gtk3.x86_64                                          3.24.38-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
gtk3-devel.x86_64                                    3.24.38-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
gtk4.x86_64                                          4.10.5-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gtkmm3.0.x86_64                                      3.24.7-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
gtksourceview4.x86_64                                4.8.4-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
gtksourceview5.x86_64                                5.8.0-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
gts.x86_64                                           0.7.6-44.20121130.fc38              @anaconda                                   
guile22.x86_64                                       2.2.7-7.fc38                        @fedora                                     
gupnp.x86_64                                         1.6.5-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
gupnp-av.x86_64                                      0.14.1-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
gupnp-dlna.x86_64                                    0.12.0-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                     1.6.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
gutenprint.x86_64                                    5.3.4-10.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                               5.3.4-10.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                               5.3.4-10.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
gvfs.x86_64                                          1.50.6-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gvfs-afc.x86_64                                      1.50.6-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gvfs-afp.x86_64                                      1.50.6-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gvfs-archive.x86_64                                  1.50.6-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gvfs-client.x86_64                                   1.50.6-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gvfs-fuse.x86_64                                     1.50.6-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gvfs-goa.x86_64                                      1.50.6-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gvfs-gphoto2.x86_64                                  1.50.6-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                                      1.50.6-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gvfs-smb.x86_64                                      1.50.6-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
gvisor-tap-vsock.x86_64                              6:0.7.0-6.fc38                      @updates                                    
gvisor-tap-vsock-gvforwarder.x86_64                  6:0.7.0-6.fc38                      @updates                                    
gyp.noarch                                           0.1-0.48.fcd686f1git.fc38           @fedora                                     
gzip.x86_64                                          1.12-3.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
harfbuzz.x86_64                                      7.1.0-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
harfbuzz-devel.x86_64                                7.1.0-1.fc38                        @fedora                                     
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                  7.1.0-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
hdf5.x86_64                                          1.12.1-11.fc38                      @fedora                                     
hfsplus-tools.x86_64                                 540.1.linux3-28.fc38                @anaconda                                   
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                            0.17-15.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
highcontrast-icon-theme.noarch                       3.28-16.fc38                        @fedora                                     
highway.x86_64                                       1.0.7-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
hostname.x86_64                                      3.23-8.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
hplip.x86_64                                         3.23.5-8.fc38                       @updates                                    
hplip-common.x86_64                                  3.23.5-8.fc38                       @updates                                    
hplip-libs.x86_64                                    3.23.5-8.fc38                       @updates                                    
httpd.x86_64                                         2.4.57-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
httpd-core.x86_64                                    2.4.57-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
httpd-filesystem.noarch                              2.4.57-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
httpd-tools.x86_64                                   2.4.57-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
hunspell.x86_64                                      1.7.2-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
hunspell-en.noarch                                   0.20201207-3.fc38                   @anaconda                                   
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                0.20201207-3.fc38                   @anaconda                                   
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                0.20201207-3.fc38                   @anaconda                                   
hunspell-filesystem.x86_64                           1.7.2-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
hwdata.noarch                                        0.374-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                                0-0.40.20220731git.fc38             @anaconda                                   
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                        0-0.40.20220731git.fc38             @anaconda                                   
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                                  0-0.40.20220731git.fc38             @anaconda                                   
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                    0-0.40.20220731git.fc38             @anaconda                                   
hypervvssd.x86_64                                    0-0.40.20220731git.fc38             @anaconda                                   
hyphen.x86_64                                        2.8.8-19.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
hyphen-en.noarch                                     2.8.8-19.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
ibus.x86_64                                          1.5.28-6.fc38                       @updates                                    
ibus-anthy.x86_64                                    1.5.14-14.fc38                      @updates                                    
ibus-anthy-python.noarch                             1.5.14-14.fc38                      @updates                                    
ibus-devel.x86_64                                    1.5.28-6.fc38                       @updates                                    
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                     1.5.28-6.fc38                       @updates                                    
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                     1.5.28-6.fc38                       @updates                                    
ibus-gtk4.x86_64                                     1.5.28-6.fc38                       @updates                                    
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                                1.15.3-2.fc38                       @updates                                    
ibus-libs.x86_64                                     1.5.28-6.fc38                       @updates                                    
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                                1.10.2-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                     1.4.22-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
ibus-mozc.x86_64                                     2.28.4950.102-7.fc38                @updates                                    
ibus-setup.noarch                                    1.5.28-6.fc38                       @updates                                    
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                           2.24.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                              3.4-3.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
ilbc.x86_64                                          3.0.4-4.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                                 1.4-7.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
imath.x86_64                                         3.1.9-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
inih.x86_64                                          57-1.fc38                           @updates                                    
iniparser.x86_64                                     4.1-12.fc38                         @updates                                    
initscripts.x86_64                                   10.19-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
initscripts-rename-device.x86_64                     10.19-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
initscripts-service.noarch                           10.19-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
intel-gpu-firmware.noarch                            20230919-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
intel-mediasdk.x86_64                                23.2.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
ipcalc.x86_64                                        1.0.3-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
ipp-usb.x86_64                                       0.9.23-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
iproute.x86_64                                       6.4.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
iproute-tc.x86_64                                    6.4.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
ipset.x86_64                                         7.17-2.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
ipset-libs.x86_64                                    7.17-2.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
iptables-libs.x86_64                                 1.8.9-4.fc38                        @updates                                    
iptables-nft.x86_64                                  1.8.9-4.fc38                        @updates                                    
iptstate.x86_64                                      2.2.7-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
iputils.x86_64                                       20221126-2.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                                20220210-3.git64113751.fc38         @anaconda                                   
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                         6.2.1.4-10.git2a8f9d8.fc38          @anaconda                                   
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64                6.2.1.4-10.git2a8f9d8.fc38          @anaconda                                   
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                               0.101-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
iso-codes.noarch                                     4.13.0-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
isomd5sum.x86_64                                     1:1.2.3-19.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
iw.x86_64                                            5.19-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
iwlegacy-firmware.noarch                             20230919-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
iwlwifi-dvm-firmware.noarch                          20230919-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
iwlwifi-mvm-firmware.noarch                          20230919-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
jansson.x86_64                                       2.13.1-6.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
jasper-libs.x86_64                                   3.0.6-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
java-11-openjdk.x86_64                               1:11.0.20.0.8-1.fc38                @updates                                    
java-11-openjdk-devel.x86_64                         1:11.0.20.0.8-1.fc38                @updates                                    
java-11-openjdk-headless.x86_64                      1:11.0.20.0.8-1.fc38                @updates                                    
java-17-openjdk-headless.x86_64                      1:17.0.8.0.7-1.fc38                 @updates                                    
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                       6.1.0-7.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
javascriptcoregtk4.1.x86_64                          2.42.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
javascriptcoregtk6.0.x86_64                          2.42.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                                 0.19-8.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                  2.1-25.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
jemalloc.x86_64                                      5.3.0-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                               0.003-38.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
jq.x86_64                                            1.6-16.fc38                         @updates                                    
js-jquery.noarch                                     3.6.3-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
json-c.x86_64                                        0.17-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
json-glib.x86_64                                     1.6.6-4.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
jsoncpp.x86_64                                       1.9.5-4.fc38                        @fedora                                     
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch                   1:7.222-4.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
jxl-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                             1:0.7.0-6.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
kasumi-common.noarch                                 2.5-40.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
kasumi-unicode.x86_64                                2.5-40.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
kbd.x86_64                                           2.5.1-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
kbd-legacy.noarch                                    2.5.1-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
kbd-misc.noarch                                      2.5.1-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
kdump-anaconda-addon.noarch                          006-8.20220714git7ca2d3e.fc38       @anaconda                                   
kernel.x86_64                                        6.4.13-200.fc38                     @updates                                    
kernel.x86_64                                        6.4.15-200.fc38                     @updates                                    
kernel.x86_64                                        6.5.6-200.fc38                      @updates                                    
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.4.13-200.fc38                     @updates                                    
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.4.15-200.fc38                     @updates                                    
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.5.6-200.fc38                      @updates                                    
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  6.4.13-200.fc38                     @updates                                    
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  6.4.15-200.fc38                     @updates                                    
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  6.5.6-200.fc38                      @updates                                    
kernel-headers.x86_64                                6.4.4-200.fc38                      @updates                                    
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.4.13-200.fc38                     @updates                                    
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.4.15-200.fc38                     @updates                                    
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.5.6-200.fc38                      @updates                                    
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.4.13-200.fc38                     @updates                                    
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.4.15-200.fc38                     @updates                                    
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.5.6-200.fc38                      @updates                                    
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.4.13-200.fc38                     @updates                                    
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.4.15-200.fc38                     @updates                                    
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.5.6-200.fc38                      @updates                                    
kernel-srpm-macros.noarch                            1.0-19.fc38                         @updates                                    
kexec-tools.x86_64                                   2.0.26-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
keybinder3.x86_64                                    0.3.2-15.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
keyutils.x86_64                                      1.6.1-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                 1.6.1-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
kmod.x86_64                                          30-4.fc38                           @anaconda                                   
kmod-libs.x86_64                                     30-4.fc38                           @anaconda                                   
kpartx.x86_64                                        0.9.4-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
krb5-libs.x86_64                                     1.21-3.fc38                         @updates                                    
ladspa.x86_64                                        1.13-30.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
lame-libs.x86_64                                     3.100-14.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
langpacks-core-en.noarch                             3.0-32.fc38                         @updates                                    
langpacks-core-font-en.noarch                        3.0-32.fc38                         @updates                                    
langpacks-en.noarch                                  3.0-32.fc38                         @updates                                    
langtable.noarch                                     0.0.63-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
lasi.x86_64                                          1.1.3-10.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
lcms2.x86_64                                         2.15-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
leptonica.x86_64                                     1.83.1-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
less.x86_64                                          633-1.fc38                          @updates                                    
libICE.x86_64                                        1.0.10-10.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libSM.x86_64                                         1.2.3-12.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libX11.x86_64                                        1.8.6-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
libX11-common.noarch                                 1.8.6-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
libX11-devel.x86_64                                  1.8.6-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                    1.8.6-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                                 1.2.3-12.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libXau.x86_64                                        1.0.11-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libXau-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.11-2.fc38                       @fedora                                     
libXcomposite.x86_64                                 0.4.5-9.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libXcomposite-devel.x86_64                           0.4.5-9.fc38                        @fedora                                     
libXcursor.x86_64                                    1.2.1-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libXcursor-devel.x86_64                              1.2.1-3.fc38                        @fedora                                     
libXdamage.x86_64                                    1.1.5-9.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libXdamage-devel.x86_64                              1.1.5-9.fc38                        @fedora                                     
libXdmcp.x86_64                                      1.1.3-10.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libXext.x86_64                                       1.3.5-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libXext-devel.x86_64                                 1.3.5-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
libXfixes.x86_64                                     6.0.0-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libXfixes-devel.x86_64                               6.0.0-5.fc38                        @fedora                                     
libXfont2.x86_64                                     2.0.3-14.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libXft.x86_64                                        2.3.8-2.fc38                        @updates                                    
libXft-devel.x86_64                                  2.3.8-2.fc38                        @updates                                    
libXi.x86_64                                         1.8.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
libXi-devel.x86_64                                   1.8.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
libXinerama.x86_64                                   1.1.5-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libXinerama-devel.x86_64                             1.1.5-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
libXmu.x86_64                                        1.1.4-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libXpm.x86_64                                        3.5.17-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libXrandr.x86_64                                     1.5.2-10.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libXrandr-devel.x86_64                               1.5.2-10.fc38                       @fedora                                     
libXrender.x86_64                                    0.9.11-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libXrender-devel.x86_64                              0.9.11-2.fc38                       @fedora                                     
libXres.x86_64                                       1.2.1-4.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libXt.x86_64                                         1.2.1-4.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libXtst.x86_64                                       1.2.4-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libXtst-devel.x86_64                                 1.2.4-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
libXv.x86_64                                         1.0.11-18.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libXvMC.x86_64                                       1.0.13-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                    1.1.5-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
liba52.x86_64                                        0.7.4-45.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libabw.x86_64                                        0.1.3-12.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libacl.x86_64                                        2.3.1-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libadwaita.x86_64                                    1.3.4-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
libadwaita-qt5.x86_64                                1.4.2-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libadwaita-qt6.x86_64                                1.4.2-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libaec.x86_64                                        1.0.6-4.fc38                        @fedora                                     
libaio.x86_64                                        0.3.111-15.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
libao.x86_64                                         1.2.0-24.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libaom.x86_64                                        3.7.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
libappstream-glib.x86_64                             0.8.2-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libarchive.x86_64                                    3.6.1-4.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libargon2.x86_64                                     20190702-2.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
libarrow.x86_64                                      11.0.0-2.fc38                       @updates                                    
libarrow-dataset-libs.x86_64                         11.0.0-2.fc38                       @updates                                    
libarrow-doc.noarch                                  11.0.0-2.fc38                       @updates                                    
libarrow-flight-libs.x86_64                          11.0.0-2.fc38                       @updates                                    
libarrow-glib-libs.x86_64                            11.0.0-2.fc38                       @updates                                    
libass.x86_64                                        0.17.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libassuan.x86_64                                     2.5.6-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
libasyncns.x86_64                                    0.8-24.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libatasmart.x86_64                                   0.19-24.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libatomic.x86_64                                     13.2.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libattr.x86_64                                       2.5.1-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libavc1394.x86_64                                    0.5.4-19.fc38                       @fedora                                     
libavcodec-free.x86_64                               6.0-4.fc38                          @updates                                    
libavdevice-free.x86_64                              6.0-4.fc38                          @updates                                    
libavfilter-free.x86_64                              6.0-4.fc38                          @updates                                    
libavformat-free.x86_64                              6.0-4.fc38                          @updates                                    
libavif.x86_64                                       0.11.1-7.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libavutil-free.x86_64                                6.0-4.fc38                          @updates                                    
libb2.x86_64                                         0.98.1-8.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libbabeltrace.x86_64                                 1.5.11-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libbasicobjects.x86_64                               0.1.1-53.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libblkid.x86_64                                      2.38.1-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libblkid-devel.x86_64                                2.38.1-4.fc38                       @fedora                                     
libblkio.x86_64                                      1.2.2-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libblockdev.x86_64                                   2.28-5.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libblockdev-btrfs.x86_64                             2.28-5.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                            2.28-5.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                                2.28-5.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                                2.28-5.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libblockdev-kbd.x86_64                               2.28-5.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                              2.28-5.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                               2.28-5.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.x86_64                          2.28-5.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                            2.28-5.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                             2.28-5.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                            2.28-5.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libblockdev-part.x86_64                              2.28-5.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                       2.28-5.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                              2.28-5.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                             2.28-5.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libbluray.x86_64                                     1.3.4-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libbpf.x86_64                                        2:1.1.0-2.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libbrotli.x86_64                                     1.0.9-11.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libbs2b.x86_64                                       3.1.0-30.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libbsd.x86_64                                        0.11.7-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libbytesize.x86_64                                   2.9-1.fc38                          @updates                                    
libcaca.x86_64                                       0.99-0.69.beta20.fc38               @updates                                    
libcacard.x86_64                                     3:2.8.1-4.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libcanberra.x86_64                                   0.30-31.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                              0.30-31.fc38                        @fedora                                     
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                              0.30-31.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libcap.x86_64                                        2.48-6.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libcap-ng.x86_64                                     0.8.3-8.fc38                        @updates                                    
libcap-ng-python3.x86_64                             0.8.3-8.fc38                        @updates                                    
libcbor.x86_64                                       0.7.0-9.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libcdio.x86_64                                       2.1.0-9.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                              10.2+2.0.1-8.fc38                   @anaconda                                   
libcdr.x86_64                                        0.1.7-12.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libchromaprint.x86_64                                1.5.1-8.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libcloudproviders.x86_64                             0.3.2-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
libcloudproviders-devel.x86_64                       0.3.2-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
libcmis.x86_64                                       0.5.2-20.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libcollection.x86_64                                 0.7.0-53.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libcom_err.x86_64                                    1.46.5-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libcomps.x86_64                                      0.1.18-6.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libconfig.x86_64                                     1.7.3-5.fc38                        @fedora                                     
libcue.x86_64                                        2.2.1-13.fc38                       @updates                                    
libcupsfilters.x86_64                                1:2.0~rc2-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
libcurl-minimal.x86_64                               8.0.1-5.fc38                        @updates                                    
libcxx.x86_64                                        16.0.6-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libcxxabi.x86_64                                     16.0.6-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libdaemon.x86_64                                     0.14-25.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libdatrie.x86_64                                     0.2.13-5.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libdatrie-devel.x86_64                               0.2.13-5.fc38                       @fedora                                     
libdav1d.x86_64                                      1.2.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
libdazzle.x86_64                                     3.44.0-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libdb.x86_64                                         5.3.28-55.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libdc1394.x86_64                                     2.2.6-9.fc38                        @fedora                                     
libdecor.x86_64                                      0.1.1-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libdhash.x86_64                                      0.5.0-53.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libdmapsharing4.x86_64                               3.9.13-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libdnf.x86_64                                        0.70.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libdrm.x86_64                                        2.4.114-2.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libdvdnav.x86_64                                     6.1.1-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libdvdread.x86_64                                    6.1.3-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libe-book.x86_64                                     0.1.3-30.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libeconf.x86_64                                      0.5.2-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
libedit.x86_64                                       3.1-45.20221030cvs.fc38             @anaconda                                   
libeot.x86_64                                        0.01-28.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libepoxy.x86_64                                      1.5.10-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libepoxy-devel.x86_64                                1.5.10-3.fc38                       @fedora                                     
libepubgen.x86_64                                    0.1.1-15.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
liberation-fonts.noarch                              1:2.1.5-4.fc38                      @fedora                                     
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                       1:2.1.5-4.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-4.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-4.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                        1:2.1.5-4.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libertas-firmware.noarch                             20230919-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
libetonyek.x86_64                                    0.1.10-9.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libev.x86_64                                         4.33-7.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libevdev.x86_64                                      1.13.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libevent.x86_64                                      2.1.12-8.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libexif.x86_64                                       0.6.24-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libexttextcat.x86_64                                 3.4.6-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libfdisk.x86_64                                      2.38.1-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libfdt.x86_64                                        1.7.0-2.fc38                        @updates                                    
libffado.x86_64                                      2.4.7-1.fc38                        @fedora                                     
libffi.x86_64                                        3.4.4-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libffi-devel.x86_64                                  3.4.4-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
libfido2.x86_64                                      1.12.0-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libfontenc.x86_64                                    1.1.6-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libfprint.x86_64                                     1.94.5-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libfreehand.x86_64                                   0.1.2-20.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libfsverity.x86_64                                   1.4-9.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
libftdi.x86_64                                       1.5-7.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
libgcab1.x86_64                                      1.5-2.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
libgcc.x86_64                                        13.2.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libgcrypt.x86_64                                     1.10.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libgdata.x86_64                                      0.18.1-7.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libgdither.x86_64                                    0.6-28.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libgee.x86_64                                        0.20.6-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libgexiv2.x86_64                                     0.14.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libgfapi0.x86_64                                     11.0-3.fc38                         @updates                                    
libgfortran.x86_64                                   13.2.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libgfrpc0.x86_64                                     11.0-3.fc38                         @updates                                    
libgfxdr0.x86_64                                     11.0-3.fc38                         @updates                                    
libglusterfs0.x86_64                                 11.0-3.fc38                         @updates                                    
libglvnd.x86_64                                      1:1.6.0-2.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libglvnd-core-devel.x86_64                           1:1.6.0-2.fc38                      @fedora                                     
libglvnd-devel.x86_64                                1:1.6.0-2.fc38                      @fedora                                     
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                  1:1.6.0-2.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                 1:1.6.0-2.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                  1:1.6.0-2.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                               1:1.6.0-2.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libgnomekbd.x86_64                                   3.28.1-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libgomp.x86_64                                       13.2.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libgpg-error.x86_64                                  1.47-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
libgphoto2.x86_64                                    2.5.30-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libgpod.x86_64                                       0.8.3-43.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libgrss.x86_64                                       0.7.0-16.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libgs.x86_64                                         10.01.2-4.fc38                      @updates                                    
libgsf.x86_64                                        1.14.50-1.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libgtop2.x86_64                                      2.41.1-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libgudev.x86_64                                      237-4.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
libgusb.x86_64                                       0.4.5-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libgweather4.x86_64                                  4.2.0-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libgxps.x86_64                                       0.3.2-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libhandy.x86_64                                      1.8.2-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libheif.x86_64                                       1.16.2-2.fc38                       @updates                                    
libibverbs.x86_64                                    44.0-3.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libical.x86_64                                       3.0.16-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libical-glib.x86_64                                  3.0.16-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libicu.x86_64                                        72.1-2.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libicu-devel.x86_64                                  72.1-2.fc38                         @fedora                                     
libidn2.x86_64                                       2.3.4-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libiec61883.x86_64                                   1.2.0-31.fc38                       @fedora                                     
libieee1284.x86_64                                   0.2.11-40.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libijs.x86_64                                        0.35-17.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libimagequant.x86_64                                 2.17.0-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libimobiledevice.x86_64                              1.3.0-8.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libini_config.x86_64                                 1.3.1-53.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libinput.x86_64                                      1.23.0-2.fc38                       @updates                                    
libipa_hbac.x86_64                                   2.9.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
libipt.x86_64                                        2.0.5-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libiptcdata.x86_64                                   1.0.5-13.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libiscsi.x86_64                                      1.19.0-7.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libjcat.x86_64                                       0.1.13-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                 2.1.4-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libjpeg-turbo-devel.x86_64                           2.1.4-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
libjxl.x86_64                                        1:0.7.0-6.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libkcapi.x86_64                                      1.4.0-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                             1.4.0-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libksba.x86_64                                       1.6.4-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
liblangtag.x86_64                                    0.6.4-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
liblangtag-data.noarch                               0.6.4-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libldac.x86_64                                       2.0.2.3-12.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
libldb.x86_64                                        2.7.2-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
liblerc.x86_64                                       4.0.0-3.fc38                        @fedora                                     
liblouis.x86_64                                      3.25.0-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
liblouisutdml.x86_64                                 2.11.0-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
liblouisutdml-utils.x86_64                           2.11.0-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
liblqr-1.x86_64                                      0.4.2-21.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libmanette.x86_64                                    0.2.6-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                  1.7.1-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libmbim.x86_64                                       1.28.4-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libmbim-utils.x86_64                                 1.28.4-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libmd.x86_64                                         1.1.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
libmediaart.x86_64                                   1.9.6-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libmetalink.x86_64                                   0.1.3-30.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libmnl.x86_64                                        1.0.5-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libmodplug.x86_64                                    1:0.8.9.0-16.fc38                   @anaconda                                   
libmodulemd.x86_64                                   2.15.0-2.fc38                       @updates                                    
libmount.x86_64                                      2.38.1-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libmount-devel.x86_64                                2.38.1-4.fc38                       @fedora                                     
libmpc.x86_64                                        1.3.1-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libmpeg2.x86_64                                      0.5.1-26.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libmspack.x86_64                                     0.10.1-0.9.alpha.fc38               @anaconda                                   
libmspub.x86_64                                      0.1.4-27.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libmtp.x86_64                                        1.1.19-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libmwaw.x86_64                                       0.3.21-6.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libmysofa.x86_64                                     1.2.1-4.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libndp.x86_64                                        1.8-5.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
libnet.x86_64                                        1.2-7.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                        1.0.9-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                  1.0.1-23.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libnfs.x86_64                                        4.0.0-8.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libnfsidmap.x86_64                                   1:2.6.3-1.rc3.fc38                  @updates                                    
libnftnl.x86_64                                      1.2.4-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libnghttp2.x86_64                                    1.52.0-2.fc38                       @updates                                    
libnice.x86_64                                       0.1.21-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libnl3.x86_64                                        3.7.0-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                    3.7.0-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libnma.x86_64                                        1.10.6-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libnma-gtk4.x86_64                                   1.10.6-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libnotify.x86_64                                     0.8.2-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libnsl2.x86_64                                       2.0.0-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libnumbertext.x86_64                                 1.0.11-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libnvme.x86_64                                       1.4-2.fc38                          @updates                                    
liboauth.x86_64                                      1.0.3-20.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libodfgen.x86_64                                     0.1.8-8.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libogg.x86_64                                        2:1.3.5-5.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libomp.x86_64                                        16.0.6-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libomp-devel.x86_64                                  16.0.6-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libopenmpt.x86_64                                    0.6.11-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
liborc1.x86_64                                       1.8.4-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
liborcus.x86_64                                      0.17.2-8.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libosinfo.x86_64                                     1.10.0-5.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libpagemaker.x86_64                                  0.0.4-20.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libpaper.x86_64                                      1:2.0.8-1.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libpasswdqc.x86_64                                   2.0.3-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
libpath_utils.x86_64                                 0.2.1-53.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libpcap.x86_64                                       14:1.10.4-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
libpciaccess.x86_64                                  0.16-8.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libpeas.x86_64                                       1.36.0-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libpeas-gtk.x86_64                                   1.36.0-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libpeas-loader-python3.x86_64                        1.36.0-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libphodav.x86_64                                     3.0-5.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
libphonenumber.x86_64                                8.12.57-6.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libpinyin.x86_64                                     2.8.1-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libpinyin-data.x86_64                                2.8.1-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libpipeline.x86_64                                   1.5.7-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libpkgconf.x86_64                                    1.8.0-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libplacebo.x86_64                                    5.264.1-1.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libplist.x86_64                                      2.2.0-9.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libpmem.x86_64                                       1.12.1-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libpmemobj.x86_64                                    1.12.1-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libpng.x86_64                                        2:1.6.37-14.fc38                    @anaconda                                   
libpng-devel.x86_64                                  2:1.6.37-14.fc38                    @fedora                                     
libportal.x86_64                                     0.6-6.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
libportal-gtk3.x86_64                                0.6-6.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
libportal-gtk4.x86_64                                0.6-6.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
libpostproc-free.x86_64                              6.0-4.fc38                          @updates                                    
libppd.x86_64                                        1:2.0~rc2-4.fc38                    @updates                                    
libpq.x86_64                                         15.3-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
libproxy.x86_64                                      0.4.18-6.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libproxy-duktape.x86_64                              0.4.18-6.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libpskc.x86_64                                       2.6.7-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libpsl.x86_64                                        0.21.2-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libpwquality.x86_64                                  1.4.5-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libqhull_r.x86_64                                    1:7.2.1-12.fc38                     @fedora                                     
libqmi.x86_64                                        1.32.4-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                  1.32.4-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libqrtr-glib.x86_64                                  1.2.2-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libquadmath.x86_64                                   13.2.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libqxp.x86_64                                        0.0.2-21.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
librabbitmq.x86_64                                   0.13.0-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
librados2.x86_64                                     2:17.2.6-3.fc38                     @updates                                    
libraqm.x86_64                                       0.8.0-4.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libraw1394.x86_64                                    2.1.2-17.fc38                       @fedora                                     
librbd1.x86_64                                       2:17.2.6-3.fc38                     @updates                                    
librdmacm.x86_64                                     44.0-3.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libref_array.x86_64                                  0.1.5-53.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                              1:7.5.6.2-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
libreoffice-core.x86_64                              1:7.5.6.2-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
libreoffice-data.x86_64                              1:7.5.6.2-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
libreoffice-emailmerge.x86_64                        1:7.5.6.2-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
libreoffice-filters.x86_64                           1:7.5.6.2-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
libreoffice-graphicfilter.x86_64                     1:7.5.6.2-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                              1:7.5.6.2-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
libreoffice-gtk4.x86_64                              1:7.5.6.2-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                           1:7.5.6.2-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
libreoffice-impress.x86_64                           1:7.5.6.2-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                       1:7.5.6.2-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
libreoffice-ogltrans.x86_64                          1:7.5.6.2-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch                  1:7.5.6.2-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                         1:7.5.6.2-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                             1:7.5.6.2-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                               1:7.5.6.2-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
libreoffice-ure-common.x86_64                        1:7.5.6.2-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                            1:7.5.6.2-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
libreoffice-x11.x86_64                               1:7.5.6.2-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
libreoffice-xsltfilter.x86_64                        1:7.5.6.2-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
librepo.x86_64                                       1.15.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libreport.x86_64                                     2.17.11-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                            2.17.11-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
libreport-cli.x86_64                                 2.17.11-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
libreport-fedora.x86_64                              2.17.11-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
libreport-filesystem.noarch                          2.17.11-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                 2.17.11-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                     2.17.11-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                   2.17.11-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                       2.17.11-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64               2.17.11-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.x86_64              2.17.11-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                      2.17.11-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
libreport-web.x86_64                                 2.17.11-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
librevenge.x86_64                                    0.0.5-4.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
librist.x86_64                                       0.2.7-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
librsvg2.x86_64                                      2.56.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libsamplerate.x86_64                                 0.2.2-4.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libsane-airscan.x86_64                               0.99.27-7.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                                 3.23.5-8.fc38                       @updates                                    
libsbc.x86_64                                        2.0-2.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
libseccomp.x86_64                                    2.5.3-4.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libsecret.x86_64                                     0.20.5-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libselinux.x86_64                                    3.5-1.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
libselinux-devel.x86_64                              3.5-1.fc38                          @fedora                                     
libselinux-utils.x86_64                              3.5-1.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
libsemanage.x86_64                                   3.5-2.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
libsepol.x86_64                                      3.5-1.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
libsepol-devel.x86_64                                3.5-1.fc38                          @fedora                                     
libserf.x86_64                                       1.3.9-27.fc38                       @fedora                                     
libshaderc.x86_64                                    2022.2-5.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libshout.x86_64                                      2.4.6-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libshumate.x86_64                                    1.0.5-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
libsigc++20.x86_64                                   2.10.8-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libsigsegv.x86_64                                    2.14-4.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libslirp.x86_64                                      4.7.0-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libsmartcols.x86_64                                  2.38.1-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libsmbclient.x86_64                                  2:4.18.8-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
libsndfile.x86_64                                    1.1.0-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libsodium.x86_64                                     1.0.18-11.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libsolv.x86_64                                       0.7.22-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libsoup.x86_64                                       2.74.3-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libsoup3.x86_64                                      3.4.3-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
libspectre.x86_64                                    0.2.12-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libsrtp.x86_64                                       2.3.0-10.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libss.x86_64                                         1.46.5-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libssh.x86_64                                        0.10.5-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libssh-config.noarch                                 0.10.5-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libssh2.x86_64                                       1.10.0-7.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                2.9.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                  2.9.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                              2.9.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                   2.9.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
libstaroffice.x86_64                                 0.0.7-10.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libstdc++.x86_64                                     13.2.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                               13.2.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libstemmer.x86_64                                    2.2.0-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libswresample-free.x86_64                            6.0-4.fc38                          @updates                                    
libswscale-free.x86_64                               6.0-4.fc38                          @updates                                    
libtalloc.x86_64                                     2.4.0-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libtasn1.x86_64                                      4.19.0-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libtdb.x86_64                                        1.4.8-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libteam.x86_64                                       1.31-7.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libtevent.x86_64                                     0.14.1-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libthai.x86_64                                       0.1.29-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libthai-devel.x86_64                                 0.1.29-4.fc38                       @fedora                                     
libtheora.x86_64                                     1:1.1.1-33.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
libtiff.x86_64                                       4.4.0-8.fc38                        @updates                                    
libtiff-devel.x86_64                                 4.4.0-8.fc38                        @updates                                    
libtimezonemap.x86_64                                0.4.5.2-2.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libtirpc.x86_64                                      1.3.3-1.rc2.fc38                    @updates                                    
libtomcrypt.x86_64                                   1.18.2-16.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libtommath.x86_64                                    1.2.0-12.fc38                       @updates                                    
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                  2.4.7-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libtpms.x86_64                                       0.9.6-2.fc38                        @updates                                    
libtracker-sparql.x86_64                             3.5.3-2.fc38                        @updates                                    
libudfread.x86_64                                    1.1.2-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libudisks2.x86_64                                    2.9.4-7.fc38                        @updates                                    
libunistring.x86_64                                  1.1-3.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
libunistring1.0.x86_64                               1.0-1.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
libunwind.x86_64                                     1.6.2-7.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
liburing.x86_64                                      2.4-2.fc38                          @updates                                    
libusal.x86_64                                       1.1.11-51.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libusb1.x86_64                                       1.0.26-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                    2.0.2-8.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libuser.x86_64                                       0.64-2.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libutempter.x86_64                                   1.2.1-8.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libuuid.x86_64                                       2.38.1-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libuv.x86_64                                         1:1.46.0-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
libv4l.x86_64                                        1.22.1-5.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libva.x86_64                                         2.18.0-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libvdpau.x86_64                                      1.5-3.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
libverto.x86_64                                      0.3.2-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libverto-libev.x86_64                                0.3.2-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libvirt-client.x86_64                                9.0.0-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
libvirt-daemon.x86_64                                9.0.0-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
libvirt-daemon-config-network.x86_64                 9.0.0-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
libvirt-daemon-driver-interface.x86_64               9.0.0-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
libvirt-daemon-driver-network.x86_64                 9.0.0-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
libvirt-daemon-driver-nodedev.x86_64                 9.0.0-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
libvirt-daemon-driver-nwfilter.x86_64                9.0.0-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
libvirt-daemon-driver-qemu.x86_64                    9.0.0-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
libvirt-daemon-driver-secret.x86_64                  9.0.0-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage.x86_64                 9.0.0-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-core.x86_64            9.0.0-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-disk.x86_64            9.0.0-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-gluster.x86_64         9.0.0-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi.x86_64           9.0.0-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi-direct.x86_64    9.0.0-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-logical.x86_64         9.0.0-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-mpath.x86_64           9.0.0-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-rbd.x86_64             9.0.0-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-scsi.x86_64            9.0.0-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-zfs.x86_64             9.0.0-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
libvirt-daemon-kvm.x86_64                            9.0.0-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
libvirt-gconfig.x86_64                               4.0.0-8.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libvirt-glib.x86_64                                  4.0.0-8.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libvirt-gobject.x86_64                               4.0.0-8.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libvirt-libs.x86_64                                  9.0.0-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
libvisio.x86_64                                      0.1.7-18.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libvisual.x86_64                                     1:0.4.1-1.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libvmaf.x86_64                                       2.3.0-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libvncserver.x86_64                                  0.9.13-14.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libvorbis.x86_64                                     1:1.3.7-7.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libvpx.x86_64                                        1.13.0-5.fc38                       @updates                                    
libwacom.x86_64                                      2.8.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
libwacom-data.noarch                                 2.8.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
libwayland-client.x86_64                             1.22.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                             1.22.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                1.22.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libwayland-server.x86_64                             1.22.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libwbclient.x86_64                                   2:4.18.8-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
libwebp.x86_64                                       1.3.2-2.fc38                        @updates                                    
libwinpr.x86_64                                      2:2.11.1-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                   0.2.12-10.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libwnck3.x86_64                                      43.0-4.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libwpd.x86_64                                        0.10.3-16.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libwpe.x86_64                                        1.14.0-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libwpg.x86_64                                        0.3.3-15.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libwps.x86_64                                        0.4.13-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libwsman1.x86_64                                     2.7.1-10.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libxcb.x86_64                                        1.13.1-11.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
libxcb-devel.x86_64                                  1.13.1-11.fc38                      @fedora                                     
libxcrypt.x86_64                                     4.4.36-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libxcrypt-compat.x86_64                              4.4.36-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                               4.4.36-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libxcvt.x86_64                                       0.1.2-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                  1.5.0-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libxkbcommon-devel.x86_64                            1.5.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                              1.5.0-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libxkbfile.x86_64                                    1.1.1-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libxklavier.x86_64                                   5.4-22.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libxml++.x86_64                                      2.42.2-2.fc38                       @fedora                                     
libxml2.x86_64                                       2.10.4-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libxml2-devel.x86_64                                 2.10.4-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libxmlb.x86_64                                       0.3.14-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libxshmfence.x86_64                                  1.3-12.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
libxslt.x86_64                                       1.1.38-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
libyaml.x86_64                                       0.2.5-9.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libzhuyin.x86_64                                     2.8.1-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libzip.x86_64                                        1.9.2-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
libzmf.x86_64                                        0.0.2-29.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
libzstd.x86_64                                       1.5.5-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
libzstd-devel.x86_64                                 1.5.5-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
lilv-libs.x86_64                                     0.24.14-4.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
linux-atm-libs.x86_64                                2.5.1-34.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
linux-firmware.noarch                                20230919-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                         20230919-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
livesys-scripts.noarch                               0.4.3-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                  1.0.19-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
lldb.x86_64                                          16.0.6-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
llhttp.x86_64                                        8.1.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
llvm.x86_64                                          16.0.6-3.fc38                       @updates                                    
llvm-libs.x86_64                                     16.0.6-3.fc38                       @updates                                    
llvm15-libs.x86_64                                   15.0.7-4.fc38                       @fedora                                     
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                               3.6.0-13.fc38                       @fedora                                     
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                     0.9.31-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
lockdev.x86_64                                       1.0.4-0.39.20111007git.fc38         @anaconda                                   
logrotate.x86_64                                     3.21.0-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
lohit-assamese-fonts.noarch                          2.91.5-15.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
lohit-bengali-fonts.noarch                           2.91.5-15.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                        2.95.5-5.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
lohit-gujarati-fonts.noarch                          2.92.4-15.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
lohit-kannada-fonts.noarch                           2.5.4-14.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
lohit-marathi-fonts.noarch                           2.94.2-16.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
lohit-odia-fonts.noarch                              2.91.2-15.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
lohit-tamil-fonts.noarch                             2.91.3-15.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                            2.5.5-14.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
low-memory-monitor.x86_64                            2.1-7.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
lpcnetfreedv.x86_64                                  0.2-13.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
lpsolve.x86_64                                       5.5.2.0-31.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
lrzsz.x86_64                                         0.12.20-58.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
lsof.x86_64                                          4.96.3-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
lttng-ust.x86_64                                     2.13.5-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
lua.x86_64                                           5.4.4-9.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
lua-libs.x86_64                                      5.4.4-9.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
lua-posix.x86_64                                     35.1-5.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
lua-srpm-macros.noarch                               1-8.fc38                            @fedora                                     
lv2.x86_64                                           1.18.8-5.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
lvm2.x86_64                                          2.03.18-2.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
lvm2-dbusd.noarch                                    2.03.18-2.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                     2.03.18-2.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
lynx.x86_64                                          2.9.0-dev.10.2.fc38.4               @updates                                    
lz4-libs.x86_64                                      1.9.4-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
lzo.x86_64                                           2.10-8.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
lzop.x86_64                                          1.04-10.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
m17n-db.noarch                                       1.8.3-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
m17n-lib.x86_64                                      1.8.4-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
m4.x86_64                                            1.4.19-5.fc38                       @fedora                                     
mactel-boot.x86_64                                   0.9-28.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
mailcap.noarch                                       2.1.53-5.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
make.x86_64                                          1:4.4.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
malcontent.x86_64                                    0.11.1-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
malcontent-control.x86_64                            0.11.1-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
malcontent-libs.x86_64                               0.11.1-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
malcontent-ui-libs.x86_64                            0.11.1-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
man-db.x86_64                                        2.11.2-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
man-pages.noarch                                     6.04-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                           3.3.5-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                    3.3.5-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
mbedtls.x86_64                                       2.28.5-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
mcelog.x86_64                                        3:175-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
mdadm.x86_64                                         4.2-4.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
mdevctl.x86_64                                       1.2.0-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
media-player-info.noarch                             23-12.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
mediawriter.x86_64                                   5.0.7-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
memstrack.x86_64                                     0.2.5-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                              23.1.7-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                               23.1.7-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                   23.1.7-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
mesa-libEGL-devel.x86_64                             23.1.7-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                    23.1.7-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                   9.0.3-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                   23.1.7-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                                 23.1.7-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                             23.1.7-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
mesa-va-drivers.x86_64                               23.1.7-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                           23.1.7-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                 2:2.1-55.1.fc38                     @updates                                    
mkfontscale.x86_64                                   1.2.2-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
mkpasswd.x86_64                                      5.5.18-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                20221107-2.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
mod_dnssd.x86_64                                     0.6-28.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
mod_http2.x86_64                                     2.0.11-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
mod_lua.x86_64                                       2.4.57-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
mokutil.x86_64                                       2:0.6.0-6.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
mozc.x86_64                                          2.28.4950.102-7.fc38                @updates                                    
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                            1.9-30.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
mozilla-openh264.x86_64                              2.3.1-2.fc38                        @fedora-cisco-openh264                      
mozjs102.x86_64                                      102.15.0-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
mpage.x86_64                                         2.5.7-15.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
mpdecimal.x86_64                                     2.5.1-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
mpfr.x86_64                                          4.1.1-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                   1.31.3-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
mt7xxx-firmware.noarch                               20230919-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
mtdev.x86_64                                         1.1.6-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
mtools.x86_64                                        4.0.43-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
mtr.x86_64                                           2:0.95-5.fc38                       @updates                                    
mu.noarch                                            1.1.1-7.fc38                        @fedora                                     
mutter.x86_64                                        44.5-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
mutter-common.noarch                                 44.5-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
mythes.x86_64                                        1.2.5-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
mythes-en.noarch                                     3.0-35.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
nano.x86_64                                          7.2-2.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
nano-default-editor.noarch                           7.2-2.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
nautilus.x86_64                                      44.2.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                           44.2.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
ncurses.x86_64                                       6.4-3.20230114.fc38                 @anaconda                                   
ncurses-base.noarch                                  6.4-3.20230114.fc38                 @anaconda                                   
ncurses-c++-libs.x86_64                              6.4-3.20230114.fc38                 @fedora                                     
ncurses-devel.x86_64                                 6.4-3.20230114.fc38                 @fedora                                     
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                  6.4-3.20230114.fc38                 @anaconda                                   
ndctl.x86_64                                         78-1.fc38                           @updates                                    
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                    78-1.fc38                           @updates                                    
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                                 1:5.9.3-2.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
net-tools.x86_64                                     2.0-0.65.20160912git.fc38           @anaconda                                   
netavark.x86_64                                      1.7.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
netpbm.x86_64                                        11.02.00-1.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
nettle.x86_64                                        3.8-3.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
nfs-utils.x86_64                                     1:2.6.3-1.rc3.fc38                  @updates                                    
nftables.x86_64                                      1:1.0.5-2.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
ninja-build.x86_64                                   1.11.1-2.fc38                       @fedora                                     
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                          1.30.0-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                     3:7.93-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
notejot.x86_64                                       3.5.1-8.fc38                        @updates                                    
npth.x86_64                                          1.6-12.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
nspr.x86_64                                          4.35.0-10.fc38                      @updates                                    
nss.x86_64                                           3.93.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
nss-mdns.x86_64                                      0.15.1-8.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
nss-softokn.x86_64                                   3.93.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                            3.93.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                   3.93.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
nss-util.x86_64                                      3.93.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                       2:2022.10.3-2.fc38                  @anaconda                                   
ntfs-3g-libs.x86_64                                  2:2022.10.3-2.fc38                  @anaconda                                   
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64                    1.0-11.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
ntfsprogs.x86_64                                     2:2022.10.3-2.fc38                  @anaconda                                   
numactl-libs.x86_64                                  2.0.16-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
numad.x86_64                                         0.5-40.20150602git.fc38             @updates                                    
nvidia-gpu-firmware.noarch                           20230919-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
nvme-cli.x86_64                                      2.4-2.fc38                          @updates                                    
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                             7-3.fc38                            @fedora                                     
ocl-icd.x86_64                                       2.3.2-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
oneVPL.x86_64                                        2023.3.1-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
oneVPL-intel-gpu.x86_64                              23.3.4-2.fc38                       @updates                                    
oniguruma.x86_64                                     6.9.8-2.D20220919gitb041f6d.fc38.1  @anaconda                                   
open-sans-fonts.noarch                               1.10-18.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
open-vm-tools.x86_64                                 12.3.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                         12.3.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
openal-soft.x86_64                                   1.23.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
openblas.x86_64                                      0.3.21-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
openblas-openmp.x86_64                               0.3.21-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                          2-13.fc38                           @fedora                                     
openconnect.x86_64                                   9.12-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
opencore-amr.x86_64                                  0.1.6-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
openexr-libs.x86_64                                  3.1.10-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
openfec.x86_64                                       1.4.2.6-1.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
openh264.x86_64                                      2.3.1-2.fc38                        @fedora-cisco-openh264                      
openjpeg2.x86_64                                     2.5.0-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
openldap.x86_64                                      2.6.4-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
openpgm.x86_64                                       5.2.122-31.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
opensc.x86_64                                        0.23.0-5.fc38                       @updates                                    
openssh.x86_64                                       9.0p1-17.fc38                       @updates                                    
openssh-clients.x86_64                               9.0p1-17.fc38                       @updates                                    
openssh-server.x86_64                                9.0p1-17.fc38                       @updates                                    
openssl.x86_64                                       1:3.0.9-2.fc38                      @updates                                    
openssl-devel.x86_64                                 1:3.0.9-2.fc38                      @updates                                    
openssl-libs.x86_64                                  1:3.0.9-2.fc38                      @updates                                    
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                                0.4.12-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
openvpn.x86_64                                       2.6.6-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
opus.x86_64                                          1.3.1-12.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
orc.x86_64                                           0.4.33-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
orca.noarch                                          44.1-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
os-prober.x86_64                                     1.81-3.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
osinfo-db.noarch                                     20230719-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                               1.10.0-6.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
ostree.x86_64                                        2023.6-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
ostree-libs.x86_64                                   2023.6-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
p11-kit.x86_64                                       0.25.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
p11-kit-server.x86_64                                0.25.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                 0.25.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
package-notes-srpm-macros.noarch                     0.5-8.fc38                          @updates                                    
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                     6.0-5.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
pam.x86_64                                           1.5.2-16.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
pam-libs.x86_64                                      1.5.2-16.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
pam_afs_session.x86_64                               2.6-18.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
pam_passwdqc.x86_64                                  2.0.3-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
pango.x86_64                                         1.50.14-1.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
pango-devel.x86_64                                   1.50.14-1.fc38                      @fedora                                     
pangomm.x86_64                                       2.46.3-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
paps.x86_64                                          0.8.0-2.fc38                        @updates                                    
parquet-libs.x86_64                                  11.0.0-2.fc38                       @updates                                    
parted.x86_64                                        3.5-11.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
passt.x86_64                                         0^20230908.g05627dc-1.fc38          @updates                                    
passt-selinux.noarch                                 0^20230908.g05627dc-1.fc38          @updates                                    
passwd.x86_64                                        0.80-14.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
passwdqc.x86_64                                      2.0.3-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
passwdqc-utils.x86_64                                2.0.3-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
patch.x86_64                                         2.7.6-19.fc38                       @fedora                                     
patchutils.x86_64                                    0.4.2-9.fc38                        @fedora                                     
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                    1.1-11.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
pciutils.x86_64                                      3.9.0-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                 3.9.0-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
pcre.x86_64                                          8.45-1.fc38.3                       @anaconda                                   
pcre2.x86_64                                         10.42-1.fc38.1                      @anaconda                                   
pcre2-devel.x86_64                                   10.42-1.fc38.1                      @fedora                                     
pcre2-syntax.noarch                                  10.42-1.fc38.1                      @anaconda                                   
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                   10.42-1.fc38.1                      @anaconda                                   
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                   10.42-1.fc38.1                      @anaconda                                   
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                     1.9.9-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                                1.5.2-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                1.9.9-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
perl-Authen-SASL.noarch                              2.16-29.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                               5.74-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-B.x86_64                                        1.83-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-B-Hooks-EndOfScope.noarch                       0.26-5.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-Business-ISBN.noarch                            3.008-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
perl-Business-ISBN-Data.noarch                       20230331.001-1.fc38                 @updates                                    
perl-Business-ISMN.noarch                            1.202-10.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-Business-ISSN.noarch                            1.005-7.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Carp.noarch                                     1.52-490.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
perl-Class-Accessor.noarch                           0.51-17.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Class-Data-Inheritable.noarch                   0.09-5.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-Class-Inspector.noarch                          1.36-13.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Class-Method-Modifiers.noarch                   2.15-1.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-Class-Singleton.noarch                          1.6-8.fc38                          @fedora                                     
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                             0.66-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-Class-XSAccessor.x86_64                         1.19-29.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Clone.x86_64                                    0.46-2.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                       2.204-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                        2.204-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Convert-ASN1.noarch                             0.33-5.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-Data-Compare.noarch                             1.28-1.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-Data-Dump.noarch                                1.25-6.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                              2.184-491.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                             0.113-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Data-Uniqid.noarch                              0.12-30.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Date-ISO8601.noarch                             0.005-17.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-Date-Manip.noarch                               6.91-1.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-DateTime.x86_64                                 2:1.59-2.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-DateTime-Calendar-Julian.noarch                 0.107-4.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-DateTime-Format-Builder.noarch                  0.8300-10.fc38                      @fedora                                     
perl-DateTime-Format-Strptime.noarch                 1:1.79-7.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-DateTime-Locale.noarch                          1.39-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
perl-DateTime-TimeZone.noarch                        2.60-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-SystemV.noarch                0.010-18.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-Tzfile.noarch                 0.011-18.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-Devel-CallChecker.x86_64                        0.008-19.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-Devel-Caller.x86_64                             2.06-30.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Devel-GlobalDestruction.noarch                  0.14-20.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Devel-LexAlias.x86_64                           0.05-31.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Devel-StackTrace.noarch                         1:2.04-15.fc38                      @fedora                                     
perl-Digest.noarch                                   1.20-490.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
perl-Digest-HMAC.noarch                              1.04-7.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                               2.58-490.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                               1:6.04-1.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-Dist-CheckConflicts.noarch                      0.11-27.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-DynaLoader.x86_64                               1.52-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-DynaLoader-Functions.noarch                     0.003-18.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-Email-Date-Format.noarch                        1.008-1.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Encode.x86_64                                   4:3.19-493.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                            1.05-26.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-English.noarch                                  1.11-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-Errno.x86_64                                    1.36-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-Error.noarch                                    1:0.17029-11.fc38                   @anaconda                                   
perl-Eval-Closure.noarch                             0.14-20.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Exception-Class.noarch                          1.45-7.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-Exporter.noarch                                 5.77-490.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
perl-Exporter-Tiny.noarch                            1.006002-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
perl-ExtUtils-MM-Utils.noarch                        2:7.70-1.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-Fcntl.x86_64                                    1.15-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-File-Basename.noarch                            2.85-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-File-Compare.noarch                             1.100.700-497.fc38                  @updates                                    
perl-File-Copy.noarch                                2.39-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-File-Find.noarch                                1.40-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-File-Find-Rule.noarch                           0.34-25.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-File-Listing.noarch                             6.15-5.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-File-Path.noarch                                2.18-490.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
perl-File-ShareDir.noarch                            1.118-8.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-File-Slurper.noarch                             0.014-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                1:0.231.100-490.fc38                @anaconda                                   
perl-File-stat.noarch                                1.12-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-FileHandle.noarch                               2.03-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-Filter.x86_64                                   2:1.64-2.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-GD.x86_64                                       2.76-4.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-GD-Barcode.noarch                               1.15-43.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-GSSAPI.x86_64                                   0.28-41.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                              1:2.54-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                               1.13-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-Git.noarch                                      2.41.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-HTML-Parser.x86_64                              3.81-1.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-HTML-Tagset.noarch                              3.20-53.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-HTTP-Cookies.noarch                             6.10-9.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                                6.06-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
perl-HTTP-Message.noarch                             6.44-2.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-HTTP-Negotiate.noarch                           6.01-35.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                0.086-2.fc38                        @updates                                    
perl-Hash-Util-FieldHash.x86_64                      1.26-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-I18N-LangTags.noarch                            0.45-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-I18N-Langinfo.x86_64                            0.21-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-IO.x86_64                                       1.50-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                              2.204-1.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-IO-Compress-Brotli.x86_64                       0.004001-7.fc38                     @fedora                                     
perl-IO-HTML.noarch                                  1.004-10.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                             0.41-492.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                            2.081-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
perl-IO-String.noarch                                1.08-47.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-IPC-Cmd.noarch                                  2:1.04-491.fc38                     @fedora                                     
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                                1.22-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-IPC-Run3.noarch                                 0.048-28.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-IPC-SysV.x86_64                                 2.09-491.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-IPC-System-Simple.noarch                        1.30-10.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-JSON.noarch                                     4.10-2.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-LDAP.noarch                                     1:0.68-10.fc38                      @fedora                                     
perl-LWP-MediaTypes.noarch                           6.04-14.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-LWP-Protocol-https.noarch                       6.10-9.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-Lexical-SealRequireHints.x86_64                 0.012-1.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Lexical-Var.x86_64                              0.009-31.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-Lingua-Translit.noarch                          0.29-3.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-List-AllUtils.noarch                            0.19-9.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-List-MoreUtils.noarch                           0.430-8.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-List-MoreUtils-XS.x86_64                        0.430-8.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-List-SomeUtils.noarch                           0.59-2.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-List-UtilsBy.noarch                             0.12-6.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-Locale-Maketext.noarch                          1.32-2.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-Locale-Maketext-Simple.noarch                   1:0.21-497.fc38                     @updates                                    
perl-Log-Dispatch.noarch                             2.70-10.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Log-Dispatch-FileRotate.noarch                  1.38-6.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-Log-Log4perl.noarch                             1.57-2.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                              3.16-490.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
perl-MIME-Charset.noarch                             1.013.1-2.fc38                      @fedora                                     
perl-MIME-Lite.noarch                                3.033-6.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-MIME-Types.noarch                               2.24-2.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-MRO-Compat.noarch                               0.15-5.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-Mail-Sender.noarch                              1:0.903-20.fc38                     @fedora                                     
perl-Mail-Sendmail.noarch                            0.80-17.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-MailTools.noarch                                2.21-13.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                              1:1.9998.39-1.fc38                  @updates                                    
perl-Math-BigRat.noarch                              0.2624-3.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                             1.59-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-Module-CoreList.noarch                          1:5.20230820-1.fc38                 @updates                                    
perl-Module-Implementation.noarch                    0.09-36.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Module-Load.noarch                              1:0.36-490.fc38                     @fedora                                     
perl-Module-Load-Conditional.noarch                  0.74-490.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-Module-Metadata.noarch                          1.000037-490.fc38                   @fedora                                     
perl-Module-Runtime.noarch                           0.016-19.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                               20221114-2.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
perl-NDBM_File.x86_64                                1.15-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-NTLM.noarch                                     1.09-34.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Net-HTTP.noarch                                 6.23-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
perl-Net-SMTP-SSL.noarch                             1.04-20.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                               1.92-5.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
perl-Number-Compare.noarch                           0.03-35.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Opcode.x86_64                                   1.57-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-POSIX.x86_64                                    2.03-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-Package-Generator.noarch                        1.106-27.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-Package-Stash.noarch                            0.40-4.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-Package-Stash-XS.x86_64                         0.30-3.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-PadWalker.x86_64                                2.5-8.fc38                          @fedora                                     
perl-Params-Check.noarch                             1:0.38-490.fc38                     @fedora                                     
perl-Params-Classify.x86_64                          0.015-18.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-Params-Util.x86_64                              1.102-10.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-Params-Validate.x86_64                          1.31-3.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-Params-ValidationCompiler.noarch                0.31-2.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-Parse-RecDescent.noarch                         1.967015-19.fc38                    @fedora                                     
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                3.84-490.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
perl-PerlIO-utf8_strict.x86_64                       0.010-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                              1:1.07-490.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
perl-Pod-Html.noarch                                 1.33-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                              3.28.01-491.fc38                    @anaconda                                   
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                               1:3.43-491.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                4:2.03-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
perl-Ref-Util.noarch                                 0.204-16.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-Ref-Util-XS.x86_64                              0.117-17.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-Regexp-Common.noarch                            2017060201-21.fc38                  @fedora                                     
perl-Role-Tiny.noarch                                2.002004-8.fc38                     @fedora                                     
perl-Safe.noarch                                     2.43-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                        5:1.63-490.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                              1.02-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-Socket.x86_64                                   4:2.036-2.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
perl-Sort-Key.x86_64                                 1.33-26.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Specio.noarch                                   0.48-3.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-Storable.x86_64                                 1:3.26-490.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                             0.989-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Sub-Exporter-Progressive.noarch                 0.001013-20.fc38                    @fedora                                     
perl-Sub-Identify.x86_64                             0.14-21.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                              0.929-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Symbol.noarch                                   1.09-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-Sys-Hostname.x86_64                             1.24-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-Sys-Syslog.x86_64                               0.36-491.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                           5.01-491.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                 1.18-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                              2.38-16.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
perl-Text-Balanced.noarch                            2.06-4.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-Text-BibTeX.x86_64                              0.89-1.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-Text-CSV.noarch                                 2.02-2.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-Text-Glob.noarch                                0.11-20.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                          3.31-490.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
perl-Text-Roman.noarch                               3.5-24.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-Text-Soundex.x86_64                             3.05-25.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                           2023.0511-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
perl-Text-Unidecode.noarch                           1.30-20.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Tie.noarch                                      4.6-497.fc38                        @updates                                    
perl-Tie-Cycle.noarch                                1.227-8.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-Tie-RefHash.noarch                              1.40-490.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                               4:1.9770-490.fc38                   @fedora                                     
perl-Time-Local.noarch                               2:1.300-490.fc38                    @anaconda                                   
perl-TimeDate.noarch                                 1:2.33-10.fc38                      @fedora                                     
perl-Try-Tiny.noarch                                 0.31-5.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-URI.noarch                                      5.17-2.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
perl-Unicode-Collate.x86_64                          1.31-490.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-Unicode-LineBreak.x86_64                        2019.001-15.fc38                    @fedora                                     
perl-Unicode-Normalize.x86_64                        1.31-490.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-Unicode-UCD.noarch                              0.78-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-Variable-Magic.x86_64                           0.63-2.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-WWW-RobotRules.noarch                           6.02-36.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-XML-LibXML.x86_64                               1:2.0208-2.fc38                     @fedora                                     
perl-XML-LibXML-Simple.noarch                        1.01-11.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-XML-LibXSLT.x86_64                              2.002.001-1.fc38                    @fedora                                     
perl-XML-NamespaceSupport.noarch                     1.12-19.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                               2.46-13.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-XML-SAX.noarch                                  1.02-12.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-XML-SAX-Base.noarch                             1.09-19.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-XML-Writer.noarch                               0.900-10.fc38                       @fedora                                     
perl-XML-XPath.noarch                                1.48-3.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-XString.x86_64                                  0.005-8.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-autodie.noarch                                  2.36-1.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-autovivification.x86_64                         0.18-18.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-base.noarch                                     2.27-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-constant.noarch                                 1.33-491.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
perl-deprecate.noarch                                0.04-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-encoding.x86_64                                 4:3.00-493.fc38                     @fedora                                     
perl-if.noarch                                       0.61.000-497.fc38                   @updates                                    
perl-interpreter.x86_64                              4:5.36.1-497.fc38                   @updates                                    
perl-lib.x86_64                                      0.65-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-libnet.noarch                                   3.15-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
perl-libs.x86_64                                     4:5.36.1-497.fc38                   @updates                                    
perl-libwww-perl.noarch                              6.68-1.fc38                         @fedora                                     
perl-locale.noarch                                   1.10-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-meta-notation.noarch                            5.36.1-497.fc38                     @updates                                    
perl-mro.x86_64                                      1.26-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-namespace-autoclean.noarch                      0.29-14.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-namespace-clean.noarch                          0.27-22.fc38                        @fedora                                     
perl-open.noarch                                     1.13-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-overload.noarch                                 1.35-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-overloading.noarch                              0.02-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-parent.noarch                                   1:0.241-1.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
perl-podlators.noarch                                1:5.01-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
perl-sigtrap.noarch                                  1.10-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                              1-48.fc38                           @fedora                                     
perl-subs.noarch                                     1.04-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-vars.noarch                                     1.05-497.fc38                       @updates                                    
perl-version.x86_64                                  8:0.99.29-491.fc38                  @fedora                                     
perltidy.noarch                                      20230309-1.fc38                     @fedora                                     
pgzero.noarch                                        1.2.1-7.fc38                        @fedora                                     
pigz.x86_64                                          2.7-3.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
pinentry.x86_64                                      1.2.1-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
pinentry-gnome3.x86_64                               1.2.1-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
pinfo.x86_64                                         0.6.13-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
pipewire.x86_64                                      0.3.80-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
pipewire-alsa.x86_64                                 0.3.80-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
pipewire-gstreamer.x86_64                            0.3.80-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit.x86_64            0.3.80-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit-libs.x86_64       0.3.80-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
pipewire-libs.x86_64                                 0.3.80-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
pipewire-pulseaudio.x86_64                           0.3.80-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
pipewire-utils.x86_64                                0.3.80-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
pixman.x86_64                                        0.42.2-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
pixman-devel.x86_64                                  0.42.2-1.fc38                       @fedora                                     
pkcs11-helper.x86_64                                 1.29.0-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
pkgconf.x86_64                                       1.8.0-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                    1.8.0-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                            1.8.0-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
plocate.x86_64                                       1.1.17-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
plymouth.x86_64                                      22.02.122-4.fc38                    @anaconda                                   
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                            22.02.122-4.fc38                    @anaconda                                   
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                        22.02.122-4.fc38                    @anaconda                                   
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                         22.02.122-4.fc38                    @anaconda                                   
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                      22.02.122-4.fc38                    @anaconda                                   
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                              22.02.122-4.fc38                    @anaconda                                   
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                         22.02.122-4.fc38                    @anaconda                                   
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                        22.02.122-4.fc38                    @anaconda                                   
podman.x86_64                                        5:4.6.2-3.fc38                      @updates                                    
policycoreutils.x86_64                               3.5-1.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                  3.5-1.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
polkit.x86_64                                        122-3.fc38.1                        @updates                                    
polkit-libs.x86_64                                   122-3.fc38.1                        @updates                                    
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                            0.1-23.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
poppler.x86_64                                       23.02.0-2.fc38                      @updates                                    
poppler-cpp.x86_64                                   23.02.0-2.fc38                      @updates                                    
poppler-data.noarch                                  0.4.11-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
poppler-glib.x86_64                                  23.02.0-2.fc38                      @updates                                    
poppler-utils.x86_64                                 23.02.0-2.fc38                      @updates                                    
popt.x86_64                                          1.19-2.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
portmidi.x86_64                                      217-51.fc38                         @fedora                                     
power-profiles-daemon.x86_64                         0.13-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
ppp.x86_64                                           2.4.9-9.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
pptp.x86_64                                          1.10.0-16.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
procps-ng.x86_64                                     3.3.17-11.fc38                      @updates                                    
protobuf.x86_64                                      3.19.6-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
protobuf-c.x86_64                                    1.4.1-4.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
protobuf-compiler.x86_64                             3.19.6-2.fc38                       @fedora                                     
protobuf-devel.x86_64                                3.19.6-2.fc38                       @fedora                                     
psacct.x86_64                                        6.6.4-15.fc38.2                     @updates                                    
psmisc.x86_64                                        23.6-2.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                       20230812-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                               16.1-4.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                         16.1-4.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                              16.1-4.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
pyproject-rpm-macros.noarch                          1.9.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
pyproject-srpm-macros.noarch                         1.9.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
python-jupyter-filesystem.noarch                     5.1.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python-pip-wheel.noarch                              22.3.1-3.fc38                       @updates                                    
python-qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                         5.15.9-3.fc38                       @updates                                    
python-rpm-macros.noarch                             3.11-10.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python-setuptools-wheel.noarch                       65.5.1-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
python-srpm-macros.noarch                            3.11-10.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python-systemd-doc.x86_64                            235-2.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
python-unversioned-command.noarch                    3.11.5-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
python-wheel-wheel.noarch                            1:0.38.4-2.fc38                     @fedora                                     
python3.x86_64                                       3.11.5-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-Bottleneck.x86_64                            1.3.7-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-PyMySQL.noarch                               1.0.2-4.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-QtPy.noarch                                  2.3.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-abrt.x86_64                                  2.17.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-abrt-addon.noarch                            2.17.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-adafruit-board-toolkit.noarch                1.1.1-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-aiodns.noarch                                3.0.0-6.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-aiohttp.x86_64                               3.8.5-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-aiohttp+speedups.x86_64                      3.8.5-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-aiosignal.noarch                             1.3.1-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-appdirs.noarch                               1.4.4-8.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-argcomplete.noarch                           2.0.0-8.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-asttokens.noarch                             2.1.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-async-timeout.noarch                         4.0.2-6.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-attrs.noarch                                 22.2.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                     
python3-audit.x86_64                                 3.1.2-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-augeas.noarch                                1.1.0-7.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
python3-backcall.noarch                              0.1.0-18.fc38                       @fedora                                     
python3-beaker.noarch                                1.12.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                        4.12.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-bitstring.noarch                             3.1.9-6.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-blivet.noarch                                1:3.7.1-1.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
python3-blockdev.x86_64                              2.28-5.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
python3-brlapi.x86_64                                0.8.4-10.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
python3-brotli.x86_64                                1.0.9-11.fc38                       @fedora                                     
python3-bytesize.x86_64                              2.9-1.fc38                          @updates                                    
python3-cachetools.noarch                            5.3.0-1.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-cairo.x86_64                                 1.23.0-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
python3-cffi.x86_64                                  1.15.1-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
python3-chardet.noarch                               5.2.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-charset-normalizer.noarch                    3.1.0-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
python3-click.noarch                                 8.1.3-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
python3-contourpy.x86_64                             1.0.7-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-crypto.x86_64                                2.6.1-42.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
python3-cryptography.x86_64                          37.0.2-8.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
python3-cups.x86_64                                  2.0.1-16.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
python3-cycler.noarch                                0.11.0-7.fc38                       @fedora                                     
python3-dasbus.noarch                                1.7-2.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
python3-dateutil.noarch                              1:2.8.2-5.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
python3-dbus.x86_64                                  1.3.2-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
python3-decorator.noarch                             5.1.1-5.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-defusedxml.noarch                            0.7.1-7.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-devel.x86_64                                 3.11.5-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-distlib.noarch                               0.3.6-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-distro.noarch                                1.8.0-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
python3-dnf.noarch                                   4.16.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                      4.4.2-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-ecdsa.noarch                                 0.18.0-3.fc38                       @fedora                                     
python3-enchant.noarch                               3.2.2-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
python3-entrypoints.noarch                           0.3-14.fc38                         @fedora                                     
python3-et_xmlfile.noarch                            1.1.0-4.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-executing.noarch                             1.2.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-file-magic.noarch                            5.44-3.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
python3-filelock.noarch                              3.8.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-firewall.noarch                              1.3.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-flake8.noarch                                5.0.3-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-flask.noarch                                 1:2.2.3-1.fc38                      @fedora                                     
python3-fonttools.x86_64                             4.39.3-1.fc38                       @fedora                                     
python3-frozenlist.x86_64                            1.4.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-fs.noarch                                    2.4.16-1.fc38                       @fedora                                     
python3-fsspec.noarch                                2023.9.0-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
python3-gcsfs.noarch                                 2022.11.0-2.fc38                    @fedora                                     
python3-gobject.x86_64                               3.44.1-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                          3.44.1-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
python3-gobject-base-noarch.noarch                   3.44.1-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
python3-google-api-core.noarch                       1:2.11.1-6.fc38                     @updates                                    
python3-google-auth.noarch                           1:2.22.0-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
python3-google-auth-oauthlib.noarch                  0.8.0-1.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-google-cloud-core.noarch                     2.3.3-2.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-google-cloud-storage.noarch                  2.10.0-4.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-google-crc32c.x86_64                         1.1.2-9.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-google-resumable-media.noarch                2.6.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-googleapis-common-protos.noarch              1.60.0-2.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-gpg.x86_64                                   1.17.1-5.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-greenlet.x86_64                              1.1.3-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-grpcio.x86_64                                1.48.4-8.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-grpcio-status.noarch                         1.48.4-8.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                0.70.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-html5lib.noarch                              1:1.1-11.fc38                       @fedora                                     
python3-humanize.noarch                              3.13.1-6.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
python3-idle.x86_64                                  3.11.5-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-idna.noarch                                  3.4-2.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
python3-ipykernel.noarch                             6.17.1-2.fc38                       @fedora                                     
python3-ipython.noarch                               8.9.0-1.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-ipython_genutils.noarch                      0.2.0-5.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-itsdangerous.noarch                          2.1.2-3.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-jdcal.noarch                                 1.4.1-5.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-jedi.noarch                                  0.18.2-2.fc38                       @fedora                                     
python3-jinja2.noarch                                3.0.3-7.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-jupyter-client.noarch                        7.4.9-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-jupyter-core.noarch                          5.1.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-kickstart.noarch                             3.47-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
python3-kiwisolver.x86_64                            1.4.5-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-langtable.noarch                             0.0.63-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-libcomps.x86_64                              0.1.18-6.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                0.70.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-libreport.x86_64                             2.17.11-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
python3-libs.x86_64                                  3.11.5-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-libselinux.x86_64                            3.5-1.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                           3.5-2.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
python3-lldb.x86_64                                  16.0.6-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-louis.noarch                                 3.25.0-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
python3-lxml.x86_64                                  4.9.2-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-mako.noarch                                  1.2.3-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                            2.1.2-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
python3-matplotlib.x86_64                            3.7.3-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-matplotlib-data.noarch                       3.7.3-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-matplotlib-data-fonts.noarch                 3.7.3-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-matplotlib-inline.noarch                     0.1.6-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-matplotlib-tk.x86_64                         3.7.3-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-mccabe.noarch                                0.7.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-meh.noarch                                   0.51-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
python3-meh-gui.noarch                               0.51-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
python3-microfs.noarch                               1.3.1-15.fc38                       @fedora                                     
python3-multidict.x86_64                             6.0.4-1.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-munkres.noarch                               1.1.2-14.fc38                       @fedora                                     
python3-mypy_extensions.noarch                       1.0.0-1.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-nest-asyncio.noarch                          1.5.6-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-netifaces.x86_64                             0.11.0-5.fc38                       @fedora                                     
python3-nftables.x86_64                              1:1.0.5-2.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
python3-nudatus.noarch                               0.0.5-7.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-numexpr.x86_64                               2.8.5-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-numpy.x86_64                                 1:1.24.4-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
python3-numpy-f2py.x86_64                            1:1.24.4-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
python3-oauthlib.noarch                              3.2.2-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-odfpy.noarch                                 1.4.1-5.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-olefile.noarch                               0.46-19.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
python3-openpyxl.noarch                              3.0.10-3.fc38                       @fedora                                     
python3-packaging.noarch                             23.0-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
python3-pandas.x86_64                                1.5.3-3.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-parso.noarch                                 0.8.3-5.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-paste.noarch                                 3.5.2-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
python3-pathspec.noarch                              0.10.3-2.fc38                       @fedora                                     
python3-pexpect.noarch                               4.8.0-14.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
python3-pickleshare.noarch                           0.7.5-11.fc38                       @fedora                                     
python3-pid.noarch                                   2.2.3-16.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
python3-pillow.x86_64                                9.4.0-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
python3-pillow-tk.x86_64                             9.4.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-pip.noarch                                   22.3.1-3.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-platformdirs.noarch                          2.6.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-ply.noarch                                   3.11-18.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                       3.5-1.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
python3-productmd.noarch                             1.36-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
python3-prompt-toolkit.noarch                        3.0.36-2.fc38                       @fedora                                     
python3-protobuf.x86_64                              3.19.6-2.fc38                       @fedora                                     
python3-psutil.x86_64                                5.9.5-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-psycopg2.x86_64                              2.9.6-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                            0.7.0-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
python3-pure-eval.noarch                             0.2.2-4.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-pwquality.x86_64                             1.4.5-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                             21.0.0-4.fc37                       @anaconda                                   
python3-pyarrow.x86_64                               11.0.0-2.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-pyasn1.noarch                                0.4.8-12.fc38                       @fedora                                     
python3-pyasn1-modules.noarch                        0.4.8-12.fc38                       @fedora                                     
python3-pyatspi.noarch                               2.46.0-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
python3-pycares.x86_64                               4.3.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-pycodestyle.noarch                           2.9.1-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-pycparser.noarch                             2.20-9.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
python3-pycurl.x86_64                                7.45.2-3.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-pyflakes.noarch                              2.5.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-pygame.x86_64                                2.5.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-pygments.noarch                              2.14.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                     
python3-pyparsing.noarch                             3.0.9-3.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-pyparted.x86_64                              1:3.12.0-8.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
python3-pyqt5-sip.x86_64                             12.11.1-1.fc38                      @fedora                                     
python3-pyqtchart.x86_64                             5.15.5-8.fc38                       @fedora                                     
python3-pyserial.noarch                              3.5-4.fc38                          @fedora                                     
python3-pysocks.noarch                               1.7.1-16.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
python3-pytz.noarch                                  2023.3.post1-1.fc38                 @updates                                    
python3-pyudev.noarch                                0.24.0-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                 0.27-7.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                                6.0-6.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
python3-qscintilla-qt5.x86_64                        2.13.4-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-qt5.x86_64                                   5.15.9-3.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-qt5-base.x86_64                              5.15.9-3.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-qtconsole.noarch                             5.3.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-reedsolo.x86_64                              1.7.0-2.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-regex.x86_64                                 2023.6.3-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
python3-requests.noarch                              2.28.2-2.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-requests-file.noarch                         1.5.1-8.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                          0.3.1-27.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
python3-requests-oauthlib.noarch                     1.3.1-4.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-rpm.x86_64                                   4.18.1-3.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-rpm-generators.noarch                        14-4.fc38                           @updates                                    
python3-rpm-macros.noarch                            3.11-10.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-rsa.noarch                                   4.9-2.fc38                          @updates                                    
python3-satyr.x86_64                                 0.42-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
python3-scipy.x86_64                                 1.10.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-semver.noarch                                2.13.0-9.fc38                       @fedora                                     
python3-setools.x86_64                               4.4.3-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-setuptools.noarch                            65.5.1-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
python3-simpleaudio.x86_64                           1.0.4-9.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
python3-simpleline.noarch                            1.9.0-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
python3-six.noarch                                   1.16.0-9.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
python3-snappy.x86_64                                0.6.1-4.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-soupsieve.noarch                             2.4.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-speechd.x86_64                               0.11.5-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-sqlalchemy.x86_64                            1.4.49-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-stack-data.noarch                            0.6.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-systemd.x86_64                               235-2.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
python3-tables.x86_64                                3.7.0-7.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-tabulate.noarch                              0.9.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-tabulate+widechars.noarch                    0.9.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-tempita.noarch                               0.5.2-8.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
python3-tkinter.x86_64                               3.11.5-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-tornado.x86_64                               6.2.0-3.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-traitlets.noarch                             5.9.0-1.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-unbound.x86_64                               1.18.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
python3-urllib3.noarch                               1.26.17-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
python3-urllib3+socks.noarch                         1.26.17-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
python3-virtualenv.noarch                            20.21.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
python3-wcwidth.noarch                               0.2.5-11.fc38                       @fedora                                     
python3-webencodings.noarch                          0.5.1-20.fc38                       @fedora                                     
python3-werkzeug.noarch                              2.2.3-1.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-wheel.noarch                                 1:0.38.4-2.fc38                     @fedora                                     
python3-xarray.noarch                                2023.7.0-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
python3-xlrd.noarch                                  2.0.1-11.fc38                       @fedora                                     
python3-xlsxwriter.noarch                            3.1.3-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
python3-xlwt.noarch                                  1.3.0-6.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-yarl.x86_64                                  1.8.2-1.fc38                        @fedora                                     
python3-zmq.x86_64                                   24.0.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                     
python3-zstandard.x86_64                             0.21.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
qadwaitadecorations-qt5.x86_64                       0.1.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
qadwaitadecorations-qt6.x86_64                       0.1.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
qemu-audio-alsa.x86_64                               2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-audio-dbus.x86_64                               2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-audio-jack.x86_64                               2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-audio-oss.x86_64                                2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-audio-pa.x86_64                                 2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-audio-sdl.x86_64                                2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-audio-spice.x86_64                              2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-block-blkio.x86_64                              2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-block-curl.x86_64                               2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-block-dmg.x86_64                                2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-block-gluster.x86_64                            2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-block-iscsi.x86_64                              2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-block-nfs.x86_64                                2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-block-rbd.x86_64                                2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-block-ssh.x86_64                                2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-char-baum.x86_64                                2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-char-spice.x86_64                               2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-common.x86_64                                   2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-device-display-qxl.x86_64                       2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-device-display-vhost-user-gpu.x86_64            2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu.x86_64                2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-ccw.x86_64            2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-gl.x86_64             2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci.x86_64            2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci-gl.x86_64         2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga.x86_64                2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga-gl.x86_64             2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-device-usb-host.x86_64                          2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-device-usb-redirect.x86_64                      2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-device-usb-smartcard.x86_64                     2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                              2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-img.x86_64                                      2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-kvm.x86_64                                      2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-pr-helper.x86_64                                2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-system-x86.x86_64                               2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-system-x86-core.x86_64                          2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-ui-curses.x86_64                                2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-ui-egl-headless.x86_64                          2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-ui-gtk.x86_64                                   2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-ui-opengl.x86_64                                2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-ui-sdl.x86_64                                   2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-ui-spice-app.x86_64                             2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-ui-spice-core.x86_64                            2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static.x86_64                              2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-aarch64.x86_64                      2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-alpha.x86_64                        2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-arm.x86_64                          2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-cris.x86_64                         2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-hexagon.x86_64                      2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-hppa.x86_64                         2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-loongarch64.x86_64                  2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-m68k.x86_64                         2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-microblaze.x86_64                   2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-mips.x86_64                         2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-nios2.x86_64                        2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-or1k.x86_64                         2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-ppc.x86_64                          2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-riscv.x86_64                        2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-s390x.x86_64                        2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-sh4.x86_64                          2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-sparc.x86_64                        2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-x86.x86_64                          2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-xtensa.x86_64                       2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qemu-virtiofsd.x86_64                                2:7.2.5-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qgnomeplatform-qt5.x86_64                            0.9.1-8.fc38                        @updates                                    
qgnomeplatform-qt6.x86_64                            0.9.1-8.fc38                        @updates                                    
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                     11.6.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                 4.1.1-4.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
qscintilla-qt5.x86_64                                2.13.4-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
qt-settings.noarch                                   38.3-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                    5.15.10-9.fc38                      @updates                                    
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                             5.15.10-9.fc38                      @updates                                    
qt5-qtbase-devel.x86_64                              5.15.10-9.fc38                      @updates                                    
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                5.15.10-9.fc38                      @updates                                    
qt5-qtcharts.x86_64                                  5.15.10-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qt5-qtconnectivity.x86_64                            5.15.10-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             5.15.10-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects.x86_64                        5.15.10-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qt5-qtlocation.x86_64                                5.15.10-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qt5-qtmultimedia.x86_64                              5.15.10-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qt5-qtquickcontrols2.x86_64                          5.15.10-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qt5-qtsensors.x86_64                                 5.15.10-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qt5-qtserialport.x86_64                              5.15.10-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                     5.15.10-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qt5-qttools-common.noarch                            5.15.10-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qt5-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64                     5.15.10-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qt5-qttools-libs-help.x86_64                         5.15.10-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                                 5.15.10-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qt5-qtwebchannel.x86_64                              5.15.10-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qt5-qtwebsockets.x86_64                              5.15.10-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                               5.15.10-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                             5.15.10-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                                5.15.10-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                               5.15.10-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
qt6-qtbase.x86_64                                    6.5.2-5.fc38                        @updates                                    
qt6-qtbase-common.noarch                             6.5.2-5.fc38                        @updates                                    
qt6-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                6.5.2-5.fc38                        @updates                                    
qt6-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             6.5.2-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
qt6-qtsvg.x86_64                                     6.5.2-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
qt6-qtwayland.x86_64                                 6.5.2-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
quota.x86_64                                         1:4.09-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
quota-nls.noarch                                     1:4.09-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
raptor2.x86_64                                       2.0.15-37.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
rasqal.x86_64                                        0.9.33-22.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
rav1e-libs.x86_64                                    0.6.6-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
re2.x86_64                                           1:20220601-2.fc38                   @fedora                                     
readline.x86_64                                      8.2-3.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
realmd.x86_64                                        0.17.1-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
realtek-firmware.noarch                              20230919-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
redhat-menus.noarch                                  12.0.2-23.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                             252-1.fc38                          @fedora                                     
redland.x86_64                                       1.0.17-33.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
rest.x86_64                                          0.9.1-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
rhash.x86_64                                         1.4.3-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
rhythmbox.x86_64                                     3.4.7-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
rit-meera-new-fonts.noarch                           1.4.1-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
roc-toolkit.x86_64                                   0.2.1-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
rootfiles.noarch                                     8.1-33.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
rpcbind.x86_64                                       1.2.6-4.rc2.fc38                    @anaconda                                   
rpm.x86_64                                           4.18.1-3.fc38                       @updates                                    
rpm-build.x86_64                                     4.18.1-3.fc38                       @updates                                    
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                4.18.1-3.fc38                       @updates                                    
rpm-libs.x86_64                                      4.18.1-3.fc38                       @updates                                    
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                            4.18.1-3.fc38                       @updates                                    
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                    4.18.1-3.fc38                       @updates                                    
rpm-sequoia.x86_64                                   1.5.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                                 4.18.1-3.fc38                       @updates                                    
rpmautospec-rpm-macros.noarch                        0.3.5-1.fc38                        @fedora                                     
rpmfusion-free-release.noarch                        38-1                                @@commandline                               
rpmfusion-nonfree-release.noarch                     38-1                                @@commandline                               
rsync.x86_64                                         3.2.7-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
rtkit.x86_64                                         0.11-58.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
rubberband.x86_64                                    3.3.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                              24-5.fc38                           @updates                                    
rygel.x86_64                                         0.42.4-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
samba-client.x86_64                                  2:4.18.8-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
samba-client-libs.x86_64                             2:4.18.8-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
samba-common.noarch                                  2:4.18.8-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
samba-common-libs.x86_64                             2:4.18.8-1.fc38                     @updates                                    
sane-airscan.x86_64                                  0.99.27-7.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
sane-backends.x86_64                                 1.2.1-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64                 1.2.1-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64                1.2.1-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                            1.2.1-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
satyr.x86_64                                         0.42-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
seabios-bin.noarch                                   1.16.2-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
seavgabios-bin.noarch                                1.16.2-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
sed.x86_64                                           4.8-12.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
selinux-policy.noarch                                38.28-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                       38.28-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
serd.x86_64                                          0.30.16-1.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
setup.noarch                                         2.14.3-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
setxkbmap.x86_64                                     1.3.4-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
sg3_utils-libs.x86_64                                1.46-5.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
sgabios-bin.noarch                                   1:0.20180715git-10.fc38             @anaconda                                   
sgpio.x86_64                                         1.2.0.10-32.fc38                    @anaconda                                   
shadow-utils.x86_64                                  2:4.13-6.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
shadow-utils-subid.x86_64                            2:4.13-6.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
shared-mime-info.x86_64                              2.2-3.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
shim-ia32.x86_64                                     15.6-2                              @anaconda                                   
shim-x64.x86_64                                      15.6-2                              @anaconda                                   
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                             1.100-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                               2.200-7.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                              3.003-11.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
simple-scan.x86_64                                   44.0-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
slang.x86_64                                         2.3.3-3.fc38                        @fedora                                     
slirp4netns.x86_64                                   1.2.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
snappy.x86_64                                        1.1.9-7.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
sombok.x86_64                                        2.4.0-18.fc38                       @fedora                                     
sord.x86_64                                          0.16.14-1.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
sos.noarch                                           4.5.1-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                       0.8-19.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
soundtouch.x86_64                                    2.3.1-4.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
source-highlight.x86_64                              3.1.9-16.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
soxr.x86_64                                          0.1.3-13.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                             0.11.5-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                   0.11.5-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
speex.x86_64                                         1.2.0-13.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
speexdsp.x86_64                                      1.2.1-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
spice-glib.x86_64                                    0.42-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
spice-gtk3.x86_64                                    0.42-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
spice-server.x86_64                                  0.15.1-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
spice-vdagent.x86_64                                 0.22.1-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
spice-webdavd.x86_64                                 3.0-5.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
spirv-tools-libs.x86_64                              2023.2-2.fc38                       @updates                                    
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                   3.40.1-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
squashfs-tools.x86_64                                4.5.1-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
sratom.x86_64                                        0.6.10-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
srt-libs.x86_64                                      1.5.2-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
sshpass.x86_64                                       1.09-5.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
sssd.x86_64                                          2.9.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
sssd-ad.x86_64                                       2.9.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
sssd-client.x86_64                                   2.9.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
sssd-common.x86_64                                   2.9.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                               2.9.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
sssd-ipa.x86_64                                      2.9.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                      2.9.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
sssd-krb5.x86_64                                     2.9.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                              2.9.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
sssd-ldap.x86_64                                     2.9.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                                2.9.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                    2.9.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
startup-notification.x86_64                          0.12-25.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
stix-fonts.noarch                                    2.13b171-3.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
stoken-libs.x86_64                                   0.92-8.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
subversion.x86_64                                    1.14.2-13.fc38                      @fedora                                     
subversion-libs.x86_64                               1.14.2-13.fc38                      @fedora                                     
sudo.x86_64                                          1.9.13-2.p2.fc38                    @updates                                    
sudo-python-plugin.x86_64                            1.9.13-2.p2.fc38                    @updates                                    
suitesparse.x86_64                                   5.13.0-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
sushi.x86_64                                         44.2-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
svt-av1-libs.x86_64                                  1.4.1-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
swift-lang.x86_64                                    5.8.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
switcheroo-control.x86_64                            2.6-3.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
swtpm.x86_64                                         0.8.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
swtpm-libs.x86_64                                    0.8.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
swtpm-selinux.noarch                                 0.8.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
swtpm-tools.x86_64                                   0.8.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
symlinks.x86_64                                      1.7-8.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
sysprof-capture-devel.x86_64                         3.48.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                     
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                    1.5.18-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                    1.5.18-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
systemd.x86_64                                       253.10-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
systemd-container.x86_64                             253.10-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
systemd-libs.x86_64                                  253.10-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
systemd-networkd.x86_64                              253.10-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
systemd-oomd-defaults.noarch                         253.10-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
systemd-pam.x86_64                                   253.10-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
systemd-resolved.x86_64                              253.10-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
systemd-rpm-macros.noarch                            253.10-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
systemd-udev.x86_64                                  253.10-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
systemtap.x86_64                                     4.9-2.fc38                          @updates                                    
systemtap-client.x86_64                              4.9-2.fc38                          @updates                                    
systemtap-devel.x86_64                               4.9-2.fc38                          @updates                                    
systemtap-runtime.x86_64                             4.9-2.fc38                          @updates                                    
taglib.x86_64                                        1.12-8.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
tar.x86_64                                           2:1.34-8.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
tbb.x86_64                                           2020.3-16.fc38                      @fedora                                     
tcl.x86_64                                           1:8.6.12-4.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
tcpdump.x86_64                                       14:4.99.4-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
teamd.x86_64                                         1.31-7.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
tesseract.x86_64                                     5.3.0-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
tesseract-langpack-eng.noarch                        4.1.0-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
tesseract-tessdata-doc.noarch                        4.1.0-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
texlive-algorithms.noarch                            10:svn42428-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-alphalph.noarch                              10:svn53087-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-amscls.noarch                                10:svn55378-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-amsfonts.noarch                              10:svn61937-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-amsmath.noarch                               10:svn63514-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-atbegshi.noarch                              10:svn53051-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-attachfile.noarch                            10:svn42099-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-atveryend.noarch                             10:svn53108-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-auto-pst-pdf.noarch                          10:svn56596-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-auxhook.noarch                               10:svn53173-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-avantgar.noarch                              10:svn61983-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-babel.noarch                                 10:svn65366-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-babelbib.noarch                              10:svn57349-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-base.x86_64                                  10:20220321-72.fc38                 @updates                                    
texlive-bera.noarch                                  10:svn20031.0-65.fc38               @fedora                                     
texlive-biblatex.noarch                              10:svn63878-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-bidi.noarch                                  10:svn64967-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-bigintcalc.noarch                            10:svn53172-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-bitset.noarch                                10:svn53837-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-bookman.noarch                               10:svn61719-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-bookmark.noarch                              10:svn56885-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-booktabs.noarch                              10:svn53402-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-breakurl.noarch                              10:svn29901.1.40-65.fc38            @fedora                                     
texlive-caption.noarch                               10:svn62757-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-catchfile.noarch                             10:svn53084-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-changepage.noarch                            10:svn15878.1.0c-65.fc38            @fedora                                     
texlive-charter.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-65.fc38               @fedora                                     
texlive-cm.noarch                                    10:svn57963-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-cm-super.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-65.fc38               @fedora                                     
texlive-colortbl.noarch                              10:svn64015-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-courier.noarch                               10:svn61719-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-csquotes.noarch                              10:svn64389-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-ctablestack.noarch                           10:svn38514-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-currfile.noarch                              10:svn64673-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-dehyph.noarch                                10:svn48599-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-dvipng.x86_64                                10:svn62517-72.fc38                 @updates                                    
texlive-enumitem.noarch                              10:svn51423-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-epstopdf.noarch                              10:svn64439-72.fc38                 @updates                                    
texlive-epstopdf-pkg.noarch                          10:svn53546-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-eso-pic.noarch                               10:svn56658-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-etex.noarch                                  10:svn56291-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-etex-pkg.noarch                              10:svn41784-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-etexcmds.noarch                              10:svn53171-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-etoolbox.noarch                              10:svn56554-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-euenc.noarch                                 10:svn19795.0.1h-65.fc38            @fedora                                     
texlive-fancyhdr.noarch                              10:svn64977-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-fancyvrb.noarch                              10:svn63496-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-filecontents.noarch                          10:svn52142-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-filehook.noarch                              10:svn64822-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-float.noarch                                 10:svn15878.1.3d-65.fc38            @fedora                                     
texlive-fontspec.noarch                              10:svn63386-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-footmisc.noarch                              10:svn62524-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-fp.noarch                                    10:svn49719-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-fpl.noarch                                   10:svn54512-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-geometry.noarch                              10:svn61719-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-gettitlestring.noarch                        10:svn53170-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-graphics.noarch                              10:svn64892-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-graphics-cfg.noarch                          10:svn41448-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-graphics-def.noarch                          10:svn64487-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-gsftopk.x86_64                               10:svn52851-72.fc38                 @updates                                    
texlive-helvetic.noarch                              10:svn61719-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-hobsub.noarch                                10:svn52810-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-hologo.noarch                                10:svn61719-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-hycolor.noarch                               10:svn53584-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-hypdoc.noarch                                10:svn63808-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-hyperref.noarch                              10:svn65014-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-hyph-utf8.noarch                             10:svn61719-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-hyphen-base.noarch                           10:svn62751-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-ifmtarg.noarch                               10:svn47544-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-ifplatform.noarch                            10:svn45533-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-iftex.noarch                                 10:svn61910-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-infwarerr.noarch                             10:svn53023-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-intcalc.noarch                               10:svn53168-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-kastrup.noarch                               10:svn15878.0-65.fc38               @fedora                                     
texlive-knuth-lib.noarch                             10:svn57963-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-koma-script.noarch                           10:svn64685-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-kpathsea.x86_64                              10:svn64475-72.fc38                 @updates                                    
texlive-kvdefinekeys.noarch                          10:svn53193-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-kvoptions.noarch                             10:svn63622-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-kvsetkeys.noarch                             10:svn64632-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-l3backend.noarch                             10:svn64836-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-l3kernel.noarch                              10:svn65299-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-l3packages.noarch                            10:svn65300-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-latex.noarch                                 10:svn63825-72.fc38                 @updates                                    
texlive-latex-fonts.noarch                           10:svn28888.0-65.fc38               @fedora                                     
texlive-latexconfig.noarch                           10:svn53525-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-letltxmacro.noarch                           10:svn53022-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-lib.x86_64                                   10:20220321-72.fc38                 @updates                                    
texlive-listings.noarch                              10:svn55265-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-lm.noarch                                    10:svn61719-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-logreq.noarch                                10:svn53003-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-ltxcmds.noarch                               10:svn56421-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-lua-alt-getopt.noarch                        10:svn56414-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-lua-uni-algos.noarch                         10:svn62204-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-luabidi.noarch                               10:svn54512-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-lualibs.noarch                               10:svn64615-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-luaotfload.noarch                            10:svn64616-72.fc38                 @updates                                    
texlive-luatex.x86_64                                10:svn64839-72.fc38                 @updates                                    
texlive-luatexbase.noarch                            10:svn52663-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-makecmds.noarch                              10:svn15878.0-65.fc38               @fedora                                     
texlive-marginnote.noarch                            10:svn48383-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-marvosym.noarch                              10:svn29349.2.2a-65.fc38            @fedora                                     
texlive-mathpazo.noarch                              10:svn52663-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-memoir.noarch                                10:svn65040-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-mparhack.noarch                              10:svn59066-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-ms.noarch                                    10:svn57473-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-multido.noarch                               10:svn18302.1.42-65.fc38            @fedora                                     
texlive-natbib.noarch                                10:svn20668.8.31b-65.fc38           @fedora                                     
texlive-palatino.noarch                              10:svn61719-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-paralist.noarch                              10:svn43021-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-pdfcolmk.noarch                              10:svn52912-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-pdfescape.noarch                             10:svn53082-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-pdftex.x86_64                                10:svn64690-72.fc38                 @updates                                    
texlive-pdftexcmds.noarch                            10:svn55777-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-pgf.noarch                                   10:svn59210-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-picture.noarch                               10:svn54867-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-placeins.noarch                              10:svn19848.2.2-65.fc38             @fedora                                     
texlive-plain.noarch                                 10:svn57963-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-polyglossia.noarch                           10:svn65144-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-psnfss.noarch                                10:svn54694-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-pst-3d.noarch                                10:svn17257.1.10-65.fc38            @fedora                                     
texlive-pst-coil.noarch                              10:svn62977-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-pst-eps.noarch                               10:svn15878.1.0-65.fc38             @fedora                                     
texlive-pst-fill.noarch                              10:svn60671-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-pst-grad.noarch                              10:svn15878.1.06-65.fc38            @fedora                                     
texlive-pst-math.noarch                              10:svn64732-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-pst-node.noarch                              10:svn61838-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-pst-ovl.noarch                               10:svn54963-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-pst-plot.noarch                              10:svn65346-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-pst-text.noarch                              10:svn49542-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-pst-tools.noarch                             10:svn60621-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-pst-tree.noarch                              10:svn60421-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-pstricks.noarch                              10:svn65346-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-pstricks-add.noarch                          10:svn65067-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-ragged2e.noarch                              10:svn65008-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-refcount.noarch                              10:svn53164-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-rerunfilecheck.noarch                        10:svn63869-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-sauerj.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-65.fc38               @fedora                                     
texlive-setspace.noarch                              10:svn65206-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-showexpl.noarch                              10:svn57414-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-stringenc.noarch                             10:svn52982-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-subfig.noarch                                10:svn15878.1.3-65.fc38             @fedora                                     
texlive-symbol.noarch                                10:svn61719-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-tex-ini-files.noarch                         10:svn40533-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-texlive-scripts.noarch                       10:svn64830-72.fc38                 @updates                                    
texlive-texlive.infra.noarch                         10:svn63645-72.fc38                 @updates                                    
texlive-times.noarch                                 10:svn61719-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-tipa.noarch                                  10:svn29349.1.3-65.fc38             @fedora                                     
texlive-titlesec.noarch                              10:svn59845-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-tools.noarch                                 10:svn64892-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-underscore.noarch                            10:svn18261.0-65.fc38               @fedora                                     
texlive-unicode-data.noarch                          10:svn64423-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-uniquecounter.noarch                         10:svn53162-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-url.noarch                                   10:svn32528.3.4-65.fc38             @fedora                                     
texlive-utopia.noarch                                10:svn15878.0-65.fc38               @fedora                                     
texlive-varwidth.noarch                              10:svn24104.0.92-65.fc38            @fedora                                     
texlive-xcolor.noarch                                10:svn63563-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-xifthen.noarch                               10:svn38929-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-xkeyval.noarch                               10:svn63616-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-xpatch.noarch                                10:svn54563-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-xstring.noarch                               10:svn60007-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-xunicode.noarch                              10:svn30466.0.981-65.fc38           @fedora                                     
texlive-zapfding.noarch                              10:svn61719-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
texlive-zref.noarch                                  10:svn62977-65.fc38                 @fedora                                     
thermald.x86_64                                      2.5-3.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
thrift.x86_64                                        0.14.0-13.fc38                      @fedora                                     
tigervnc-license.noarch                              1.13.1-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                       1.13.1-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
time.x86_64                                          1.9-20.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
timeshift.x86_64                                     22.11.2-1.fc38                      @fedora                                     
tk.x86_64                                            1:8.6.12-4.fc38                     @fedora                                     
tmux.x86_64                                          3.3a-3.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
toolbox.x86_64                                       0.0.99.4-1.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
totem.x86_64                                         1:43.0-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                               3.26.6-6.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
totem-video-thumbnailer.x86_64                       1:43.0-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                    5.5-3.fc38                          @updates                                    
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                      4.0.1-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
traceroute.x86_64                                    3:2.1.3-1.fc38                      @updates                                    
tracker.x86_64                                       3.5.3-2.fc38                        @updates                                    
tracker-miners.x86_64                                3.5.3-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
tree.x86_64                                          2.1.0-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
trousers.x86_64                                      0.3.15-8.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
trousers-lib.x86_64                                  0.3.15-8.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
tslib.x86_64                                         1.22-8.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
ttmkfdir.x86_64                                      3.0.9-67.fc38                       @fedora                                     
twolame-libs.x86_64                                  0.4.0-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
tzdata.noarch                                        2023c-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
tzdata-java.noarch                                   2023c-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
uchardet.x86_64                                      0.0.8-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
udisks2.x86_64                                       2.9.4-7.fc38                        @updates                                    
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                                 2.9.4-7.fc38                        @updates                                    
uflash.noarch                                        2.0.0-5.fc38                        @fedora                                     
unbound-anchor.x86_64                                1.18.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
unbound-libs.x86_64                                  1.18.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
unicode-ucd.noarch                                   15.1.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
unoconv.noarch                                       0.9.0-11.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
unzip.x86_64                                         6.0-60.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
upower.x86_64                                        0.99.20-3.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
uresourced.x86_64                                    0.5.3-5.fc38                        @updates                                    
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                      20200910-16.fc38                    @anaconda                                   
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                         20200910-16.fc38                    @anaconda                                   
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                     20200910-16.fc38                    @anaconda                                   
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                              20200910-16.fc38                    @anaconda                                   
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                       20200910-16.fc38                    @anaconda                                   
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                       20200910-16.fc38                    @anaconda                                   
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch               20200910-16.fc38                    @anaconda                                   
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                 20200910-16.fc38                    @anaconda                                   
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                  20200910-16.fc38                    @anaconda                                   
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                         20200910-16.fc38                    @anaconda                                   
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch          20200910-16.fc38                    @anaconda                                   
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                         20200910-16.fc38                    @anaconda                                   
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                                2.6.1-6.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                           20191128-8.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
usbmuxd.x86_64                                       1.1.1-9.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
usbredir.x86_64                                      0.13.0-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
usbutils.x86_64                                      015-2.fc38                          @anaconda                                   
usermode.x86_64                                      1.114-7.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
userspace-rcu.x86_64                                 0.13.2-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
utf8proc.x86_64                                      2.7.0-4.fc38                        @fedora                                     
util-linux.x86_64                                    2.38.1-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
util-linux-core.x86_64                               2.38.1-4.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
vamp-plugin-sdk.x86_64                               2.9.0-7.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
vapoursynth-libs.x86_64                              58-4.fc38                           @anaconda                                   
vazirmatn-vf-fonts.noarch                            33.003-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
vid.stab.x86_64                                      1.1.0-21.20201110gitf9166e9.fc38    @anaconda                                   
vim-common.x86_64                                    2:9.0.1984-1.fc38                   @updates                                    
vim-data.noarch                                      2:9.0.1984-1.fc38                   @updates                                    
vim-enhanced.x86_64                                  2:9.0.1984-1.fc38                   @updates                                    
vim-filesystem.noarch                                2:9.0.1984-1.fc38                   @updates                                    
vim-minimal.x86_64                                   2:9.0.1984-1.fc38                   @updates                                    
virglrenderer.x86_64                                 0.10.4-2.20230104git88b9fe3b.fc38   @anaconda                                   
virtualbox-guest-additions.x86_64                    7.0.10-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
vo-amrwbenc.x86_64                                   0.1.3-18.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
volume_key-libs.x86_64                               0.3.12-18.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
vpnc.x86_64                                          0.5.3-45.svn550.fc38                @anaconda                                   
vpnc-script.noarch                                   20220509-3.gite52f8e66.fc38         @anaconda                                   
vte-profile.x86_64                                   0.72.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
vte291.x86_64                                        0.72.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
vulkan-headers.noarch                                1.3.243.0-2.fc38                    @updates                                    
vulkan-loader.x86_64                                 1.3.243.0-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
vulkan-loader-devel.x86_64                           1.3.243.0-1.fc38                    @updates                                    
wavpack.x86_64                                       5.6.0-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
wayland-devel.x86_64                                 1.22.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
web-assets-filesystem.noarch                         5-19.fc38                           @anaconda                                   
webkit2gtk4.1.x86_64                                 2.42.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
webkitgtk6.0.x86_64                                  2.42.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
webp-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            0.2.4-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                       0.3.1-10.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
wget.x86_64                                          1.21.3-5.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
which.x86_64                                         2.21-39.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
whois.x86_64                                         5.5.18-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
whois-nls.noarch                                     5.5.18-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
wireless-regdb.noarch                                2022.08.12-2.fc38                   @anaconda                                   
wireplumber.x86_64                                   0.4.14-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
wireplumber-libs.x86_64                              0.4.14-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
woff2.x86_64                                         1.0.2-17.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
words.noarch                                         3.0-41.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                1:2.10-6.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
wpebackend-fdo.x86_64                                1.14.2-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
xapian-core-libs.x86_64                              1.4.23-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
xcb-util.x86_64                                      0.4.1-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
xcb-util-cursor.x86_64                               0.1.4-2.fc38                        @fedora                                     
xcb-util-image.x86_64                                0.4.1-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                              0.4.1-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                           0.3.10-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                   0.4.2-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
xclip.x86_64                                         0.13-19.git11cba61.fc38             @fedora                                     
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                                0.1.4-2.fc38                        @updates                                    
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                            1.16.0-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
xdg-desktop-portal-gnome.x86_64                      44.2-1.fc38                         @updates                                    
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                        1.14.1-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                                 0.18-2.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                             0.11-2.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
xdg-utils.noarch                                     1.1.3-15.fc38                       @updates                                    
xen-libs.x86_64                                      4.17.2-2.fc38                       @updates                                    
xen-licenses.x86_64                                  4.17.2-2.fc38                       @updates                                    
xfsprogs.x86_64                                      6.1.0-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
xhost.x86_64                                         1.0.9-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
xisxwayland.x86_64                                   2-2.fc38                            @anaconda                                   
xkbcomp.x86_64                                       1.4.6-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
xkeyboard-config.noarch                              2.38-1.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
xml-common.noarch                                    0.6.3-60.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                      1.51.08-2.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                               1.51.08-2.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
xmlsec1.x86_64                                       1.2.37-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                                   1.2.37-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                               1.2.37-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
xmodmap.x86_64                                       1.0.11-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-drv-amdgpu.x86_64                           23.0.0-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-drv-ati.x86_64                              19.1.0-9.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                            2.10.6-13.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.x86_64                            0.5.0-12.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-drv-intel.x86_64                            2.99.917-55.20210115.fc38           @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                         1.3.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.x86_64                          1:1.0.17-5.fc38                     @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-drv-openchrome.x86_64                       0.6.400-5.20210215git5dbad06.fc38   @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.x86_64                              0.1.6-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-drv-vesa.x86_64                             2.5.0-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                           13.4.0-1.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                            1.2.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64             1.2.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-100dpi.noarch               7.5-35.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-fonts-Type1.noarch                          7.5-35.fc38                         @fedora                                     
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                          2022.2-3.fc38                       @fedora                                     
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                          1.20.14-23.fc38                     @updates                                    
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                      22.1.9-2.fc38                       @updates                                    
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                        1.20.14-23.fc38                     @updates                                    
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                1:1.1.2-3.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                1.4.0-17.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
xp-pen-pentablet.x86_64                              3.2.3.230215-1.el7.centos           @@commandline                               
xpdf-libs.x86_64                                     1:4.04-8.fc38                       @updates                                    
xprop.x86_64                                         1.2.5-3.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
xrdb.x86_64                                          1.2.1-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
xrefresh.x86_64                                      1.0.7-3.fc38                        @fedora                                     
xsel.x86_64                                          1.2.0-32.fc38                       @fedora                                     
xvidcore.x86_64                                      1.3.7-9.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
xxd.x86_64                                           2:9.0.1984-1.fc38                   @updates                                    
xxhash-libs.x86_64                                   0.8.2-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
xz.x86_64                                            5.4.1-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
xz-devel.x86_64                                      5.4.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                     
xz-libs.x86_64                                       5.4.1-1.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
yajl.x86_64                                          2.1.0-21.fc38                       @updates                                    
yelp.x86_64                                          2:42.2-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
yelp-libs.x86_64                                     2:42.2-2.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
yelp-xsl.noarch                                      42.1-2.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
yum.noarch                                           4.16.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
zathura.x86_64                                       0.5.2-4.fc38                        @fedora                                     
zchunk-libs.x86_64                                   1.3.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
zd1211-firmware.noarch                               1.5-13.fc38                         @anaconda                                   
zenity.x86_64                                        3.99.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                    
zeromq.x86_64                                        4.3.4-5.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
zfs-fuse.x86_64                                      0.7.2.2-28.fc38                     @updates                                    
zimg.x86_64                                          3.0.4-2.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
zinnia.x86_64                                        0.06-62.fc38                        @fedora                                     
zinnia-devel.x86_64                                  0.06-62.fc38                        @fedora                                     
zinnia-tomoe-ja.x86_64                               0.06-62.fc38                        @fedora                                     
zip.x86_64                                           3.0-37.fc38                         @updates                                    
zlib.x86_64                                          1.2.13-3.fc38                       @anaconda                                   
zlib-devel.x86_64                                    1.2.13-3.fc38                       @fedora                                     
zram-generator.x86_64                                1.1.2-4.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
zram-generator-defaults.noarch                       1.1.2-4.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
zstd.x86_64                                          1.5.5-1.fc38                        @updates                                    
zvbi.x86_64                                          0.2.35-19.fc38                      @anaconda                                   
zxing-cpp.x86_64                                     1.2.0-9.fc38                        @anaconda                                   
zziplib.x86_64                                       0.13.72-3.fc38                      @fedora                                     
